"Intralesional abciximab and thrombus aspiration may have long-term benefits in patients with anterior ST-segment-elevation myocardial infarction presenting early after symptom onset and undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention with bivalirudin anticoagulation.",
"This study showed that brinzolamide provides similar safety and efficacy compared to timolol maleate when added to travoprost.",
"The effects of low doses of aspirin on the frequency and severity of painful vaso-occlusive crises were evaluated in children with sickle hemoglobinopathies. Aspirin was compared with placebo in 49 patients in a double-blind crossover study. Careful monitoring of patients revealed an average of 1.1 painful crises per patient year. During the 21 months of study, 70% of patients had a maximum of two painful crises, and 25% experienced four or more. The frequency and severity of crises were not affected by aspirin therapy. In view of aspirin's demonstrated effect on platelet function, we suggest that platelets do not contribute to the initiation or progression of the vaso-occlusive process.",
"T cells producing one cytokine and polyfunctional T cells have a limited role in diagnosis of active TB. The significant shift from a "memory type" to an "effector type" cytokine profile may be useful for further development of a rapid immune-diagnostic tool for active TB.",
"Brinzolamide 1% and timolol maleate 0.5% treatment were both associated with a significantly greater reduction in IOP compared with brimonidine 0.2% when administered as a nonfixed adjuvant to travoprost 0.004% in the treatment of patients with OAG and OHT whose IOP was inadequately controlled with travoprost monotherapy. All treatments were well tolerated.",
"The increase in fetal hemoglobin (HbF) in response to hydroxyurea (HU) varies among patients with sickle cell anemia. Twenty-nine candidate genes within loci previously reported to be linked to HbF level (6q22.3-q23.2, 8q11-q12 and Xp22.2-p22.3), involved in metabolism of HU and related to erythroid progenitor proliferation were studied in 137 sickle cell anemia patients treated with HU. Three-hundred and twenty tagging single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) for genotyping were selected based on HapMap data. Multiple linear regression and the nonlinear regression Random Forest method were used to investigate the association between SNPs and the change in HbF level after 2 years of treatment with HU. Both methods revealed that SNPs in genes within the 6q22.3-23.2 and 8q11-q12 linkage peaks, and also the ARG2, FLT1, HAO2 and NOS1 genes were associated with the HbF response to HU. Polymorphisms in genes regulating HbF expression, HU metabolism and erythroid progenitor proliferation might modulate the patient response to HU.",
"The median parasite clearance half-lives ranged from 1.9 hours in the Democratic Republic of Congo to 7.0 hours at the Thailand-Cambodia border. Slowly clearing infections (parasite clearance half-life >5 hours), strongly associated with single point mutations in the "propeller" region of the P. falciparum kelch protein gene on chromosome 13 (kelch13), were detected throughout mainland Southeast Asia from southern Vietnam to central Myanmar. The incidence of pretreatment and post-treatment gametocytemia was higher among patients with slow parasite clearance, suggesting greater potential for transmission. In western Cambodia, where artemisinin-based combination therapies are failing, the 6-day course of antimalarial therapy was associated with a cure rate of 97.7% (95% confidence interval, 90.9 to 99.4) at 42 days.",
"The main risk factors for the occurrence of complications during laparoscopic adrenalectomy appear to be surgical inexperience, age, and body mass index of the patient, the dimension of the mass, and pheochromocytoma. Therefore, laparoscopic adrenalectomy, especially for tumors that are potentially more complicated, should only be undertaken in high-volume specialist centers by surgeons with the appropriate training and experience.",
"A minithoracotomy approach for MV repair showed comparable clinical outcomes and efficacy to conventional sternotomy for MV repair.",
"Combining CCMm and SMC is a well accepted, community-based approach that can contribute to control malaria in areas where malaria transmission is seasonal.",
"Triptans and analgetic nonsteroidal inflammatory drugs reduce acute pain syndromes in migraine. A further treatment option for an acute headache attack in patients with migraine may be the application of cyclooxygenase-2-specific inhibitors, as they have anti-inflammatory and analgesic properties. The objective of this pilot study was to investigate the effects of an oral fast-dissolving tablet of 10 mg of rizatriptan, an intravenous infusion of 40 mg of parecoxib, and a subcutaneous pen injection of sumatriptan (6 mg/0.5 mL) on pain relief in 3 cohorts of patients with episodic migraine. They were treated owing to the acute onset of a pain attack as a case of emergency. They were randomized to treatment with sumatriptan, rizatriptan, or parecoxib. The participants completed a visual analog scale for pain intensity at baseline before the drug administration and then after intervals of 20, 30, 60, and 120 minutes. Rizatriptan, parecoxib, and sumatriptan reduced pain symptoms. Twenty and 30 minutes after drug intake, rizatriptan was more efficacious than parecoxib and sumatriptan, and parecoxib was more effective than sumatriptan. Only a significant difference between rizatriptan and sumatriptan was found after 60 and 120 minutes. This trial demonstrates the effectiveness of a parecoxib infusion in the treatment of acute migraine and that the circumvention of the first pass effect of the liver by rizatriptan may be beneficial for fast pain relief.",
"With follow-up extended to 4 years after randomly assigned, ablation remains superior to antiarrhythmic drug in these patients with paroxysmal atrial fibrillation.",
"Over a period of 4 years, 118 of 223 children who received the RTS,S/AS01E vaccine and 138 of 224 of the controls had at least 1 episode of clinical malaria. Vaccine efficacies in the intention-to-treat and per-protocol analyses were 29.9% (95% confidence interval [CI], 10.3 to 45.3; P=0.005) and 32.1% (95% CI, 11.6 to 47.8; P=0.004), respectively, calculated by Cox regression. Multiple episodes were common, with 551 and 618 malarial episodes in the RTS,S/AS01E and control groups, respectively; vaccine efficacies in the intention-to-treat and per-protocol analyses were 16.8% (95% CI, -8.6 to 36.3; P=0.18) and 24.3% (95% CI, 1.9 to 41.6; P=0.04), respectively, calculated by the Andersen-Gill extension of the Cox model. For every 100 vaccinated children, 65 cases of clinical malaria were averted. Vaccine efficacy declined over time (P=0.004) and with increasing exposure to malaria (P=0.001) in the per-protocol analysis. Vaccine efficacy was 43.6% (95% CI, 15.5 to 62.3) in the first year but was -0.4% (95% CI, -32.1 to 45.3) in the fourth year. Among children with a malaria-exposure index that was average or lower than average, the vaccine efficacy was 45.1% (95% CI, 11.3 to 66.0), but among children with a malaria-exposure index that was higher than average it was 15.9% (95% CI, -11.0 to 36.4).",
"The results indicate that craniosacral treatment can alleviate migraine symptoms. Further research is suggested.",
"High levels of plasma Aβ42 in patients with acute intracerebral hemorrhage are associated with a poor functional prognosis.",
"PENK levels reflect cardiorenal status post-AMI and are prognostic for death, recurrent AMI, or HF. Cutoff values define low- and high-risk groups and improve risk prediction of GRACE scores.",
"We found no evidence that the efficacy of zinc supplements in reducing diarrhea rates is enhanced by concurrent supplementation with other micronutrients. By reducing rates of fever without localizing signs, supplementation with zinc may reduce inappropriate drug use with anti-malarial medications and antibiotics.",
"F-RHI is associated with several cardio-metabolic risk factors; low level of HDL cholesterol, male sex, overweight and smoking being the most important predictors of a lowered endothelial function. A large part of variation in F-RHI remains accounted for by unknown factors.",
"The combination of fosmidomycin and clindamycin (F/C) is effective in adults and older children for the treatment of malaria and could be an important alternative to existing artemisinin-based combinations (ACTs) if proven to work in younger children. We conducted an open-label clinical trial to assess the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of F/C for the treatment of uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria in Mozambican children <3 years of age. Aqueous solutions of the drugs were given for 3 days, and the children were followed up for 28 days. The primary outcome was the PCR-corrected adequate clinical and parasitological response at day 28. Secondary outcomes included day 7 and 28 uncorrected cure rates and fever (FCT) and parasite (PCT) clearance times. Fifty-two children were recruited, but only 37 patients were evaluable for the primary outcome. Day 7 cure rates were high (94.6%; 35/37), but the day 28 PCR-corrected cure rate was 45.9% (17/37). The FCT was short (median, 12 h), but the PCT was longer (median, 72 h) than in previous studies. Tolerability was good, and most common adverse events were related to the recurrence of malaria. The poor efficacy observed for the F/C combination may be a consequence of the new formulations used, differential bioavailability in younger children, naturally occurring variations in parasite sensitivity to the drugs, or an insufficient enhancement of their effects by naturally acquired immunity in young children. Additional studies should be conducted to respond to the many uncertainties arising from this trial, which should not discourage further evaluation of this promising combination.",
"An IPTp regimen with monthly SP given to all pregnant women is likely to increase mean birthweight and length at four weeks of age in malaria holoendemic areas. Adding azithromycin to the regimen appears to offer further benefits in reducing foetal and neonatal growth faltering.",
"The assessment of Sm(avg) could be used as an alternative to EF. This approach may be useful especially when the IQ is poor. The method maintains high accuracy and reproducibility in prediction of the EF.",
"Pacemakers are frequently implanted, yet accurate prospective data on implant complications are limited. Elderly patients may be at increased risk of implant complications and are increasingly being referred for pacemaker implantation. The purpose of the present analysis was to define the incidence and possible predictors of serious complications of dual chamber permanent pacemaker implantation in the elderly. Therefore, we sought to prospectively identify the incidence and predictors of pacemaker implant complications in a large multicenter trial involving patients receiving a dual chamber pacemaker. The Pacemaker Selection in the Elderly (PASE) study was a prospective trial designed to evaluate quality of life in dual chamber pacemaker recipients age 65 years or older randomized to DDDR versus VVIR programming. In addition to being age 65 years or older, patients enrolled in this study were in normal sinus rhythm, and had standard indications for permanent pacemaker implantation. All patients received dual chamber pacemakers and were randomized to DDDR versus VVIR pacing. Pacemaker implant complications were collected on standardized forms which were completed at pacemaker implantation and during follow-up appointments. In this study of 407 patients, there were 26 complications occurring in 25 patients (6.1%). The most frequent complication was lead dislodgment which occurred in 9 patients. This was followed by pneumothorax (8 patients) and cardiac perforations (4 patients). In 18 patients (4.4%) repeat surgical procedures (including chest tubes) were required. Complications were noted prior to discharge in only 18 patients. There were no significant predictors of overall complications. Pneumothorax was more frequent in patients > or = 75 years old, and was observed only in patients with subclavian venous access. In conclusion, complications from pacemaker implantation in the elderly are seen in 6.1% of patients and 4.4% of patients require a repeat surgical procedure. Other than advanced age and lower weight predicting for pneumothorax, there are no significant clinical predictors of complications.",
"Patients treated with fixed-combination brimonidine-timolol were more likely than patients treated with either brimonidine or timolol alone to achieve a combination of low mean IOP and low short-term (daily) or long-term (intervisit) IOP fluctuation.",
"Sickle red blood cells (SSRBCs) adhere to both endothelial cells (ECs) and the extracellular matrix. Epinephrine elevates cyclic adenosine monophosphate in SSRBCs and increases adhesion of SSRBCs to ECs in a β-adrenergic receptor and protein kinase A-dependent manner. Studies in vitro as well as in vivo have suggested that adrenergic stimuli like epinephrine may contribute to vaso-occlusion associated with physiologic stress. We conducted both animal studies and a Phase I dose-escalation study in sickle cell disease (SCD) patients to investigate whether systemically administered propranolol inhibits SSRBC adhesion and to document the safety of propranolol in SCD. Systemically administered propranolol prevented SSRBC adhesion and associated vaso-occlusion in a mouse model. In patients receiving a single oral dose of 10, 20, or 40 mg propranolol, SSRBC adhesion to ECs was studied before and after propranolol, with and without stimulation with epinephrine. Propranolol administration significantly reduced epinephrine-stimulated SSRBC adhesion in a dose dependent manner (p = 0.03), with maximum inhibition achieved at 40 mg. Adverse events were not severe, did not show dose dependence, and were likely unrelated to drug. No significant heart rate changes occurred. These results imply that β-blockers may have a role as antiadhesive therapy for SCD.",
"Radioiodinated meta-iodobenzylguanidine (MIBG) is used routinely for imaging and targeted radiotherapy of tumours derived from the neural crest. Since active uptake of MIBG by the noradrenaline transporter (NAT) makes a greater contribution to total drug accumulation than passive uptake when MIBG is present at low concentrations, tumour-specific uptake should be enhanced by the administration of lower molar amounts of MIBG. This could be achieved through the use of MIBG with a high specific activity. Commercially available preparations of 123I-MIBG have specific activities of approximately 200 MBq.mg-1. We have synthesized and used no-carrier-added (n.c.a.) 123I-MIBG produced by an iododesilylation reaction (specific activity 0.7 TBq.mg-1). We report here the first clinical studies comparing the commercially available and n.c.a. MIBG diagnostic preparations. Five patients with known phaeochromocytoma were studied. Unlike studies in animal models, no consistent improvement in tumour uptake was observed with the n.c.a. material. A larger patient group is required to determine whether there are significant differences between the two preparations, before proceeding to studies at therapeutic activity levels of n.c.a. 131I-MIBG. Even with no improvement in tumour uptake, n.c.a. MIBG may be the favoured formulation for therapeutic applications to reduce the molar amount of drug injected.",
"The objective of the present analysis was to determine the effects of a fixed combination of perindopril and indapamide in combination with calcium channel blockers (CCBs) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. The Action in Diabetes and Vascular Disease: Preterax and Diamicron Controlled Evaluation (ADVANCE) trial was a factorial randomized controlled trial. A total of 11 140 patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus were randomly assigned to fixed combination of perindopril-indapamide (4/1.25 mg) or placebo. Effects of randomized treatment on mortality and major cardiovascular outcomes were examined in subgroups defined by baseline use of CCBs. Patients on CCB at baseline (n=3427) constituted a higher risk group compared with those not on CCB (n=7713), with more extensive use of antihypertensive and other protective therapies. Active treatment reduced the relative risk of death by 28% (95% confidence interval, 10%-43%) among patients with CCB at baseline compared with 5% (-12% to 20%) among those without CCB (P homogeneity=0.02) and 14% (2%-25%) for the whole population. Similarly, the relative risk reduction for major cardiovascular events was 12% (-8% to 28%) versus 6% (-10% to 19%) for those with and without CCB at baseline although the difference was not statistically significant (P homogeneity=0.38). There was no detectable increase in adverse effects in those receiving CCB. The combination of perindopril and indapamide with CCBs seems to provide further protection against mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.",
"Not registered. The trial was approved by the Institutional Review Board of the IRCCS-CROB Basilicata Regional Cancer Institute, Rionero in Vulture, Italy.",
"null",
"hs-cTnT appears to have a useful role in predicting MI and death in the dialysis population. Over a 1-year period concentrations remained stable even in patients who sustained a new cardiac event.",
"In the current study, large thrombus burden is not an independent predictor of 1-year cumulative MACE in STEMI patients who were treated with emergent PCI.",
"AIMI-HF will be the largest randomized trial evaluating the role of standard and advanced imaging modalities in the management of ischemic cardiomyopathy and heart failure. This trial will complement the results of the Surgical Treatment for Ischemic Heart Failure (STICH) viability substudy and the PET and Recovery Following Revascularization (PARR-2) trial. The results will provide policy makers with data to support (or not) further investment in and wider dissemination of alternative 'advanced' imaging technologies.",
"Edoxaban is an oral, reversible, direct factor Xa inhibitor in phase III clinical development for the prevention of stroke in atrial fibrillation (AF). A phase II study was undertaken to evaluate the safety and efficacy of edoxaban in Asian patients with non-valvular AF with CHADS2 score ≥1. In a multicentre, active-controlled, double-blind edoxaban and open-label warfarin, parallel-group study, a total of 235 patients from four Asian countries were randomly assigned to edoxaban 30 mg qd, 60 mg qd or warfarin dose adjusted to international normalised ratio of 2-3 for three months. The primary endpoint was the incidence of centrally adjudicated all bleeding events (major, clinically relevant non-major and minor). Secondary endpoints included thromboembolic events, biomarkers of thrombus formation and all adverse events (AEs). The incidence of all bleeding events (95% CI) was 20.3% (12.9, 30.4) for edoxaban 30 mg, 23.8% (15.8, 34.1) for edoxaban 60 mg, and 29.3% (20.2, 40.4) for warfarin. A subgroup analysis suggested low body weight (≤60 kg) may affect the incidence of bleeding events with edoxaban. The incidence of study drug-related AEs was 22% for edoxaban 30 mg, 29% for edoxaban 60 mg and 33% for warfarin. No thromboembolic events occurred in any treatment group. In conclusion, this phase II study found a trend for a reduction in the incidence of all bleeding events in Asian AF patients with edoxaban 30 mg and 60 mg compared with warfarin. Adverse events were similar between the edoxaban 60-mg and warfarin groups and were lower with the edoxaban 30-mg group.",
"This multi-center study compared the therapeutic effect of a cognitive-behavioral minimal contact program (MCT) to the effect of a brochure (bibliotherapy) for the prevention of medication overuse headache (MOH) in migraine patients. Seven German headache centers recruited 182 migraine patients with high triptan or analgesic intake frequency. Patients were randomly allocated to either the MCT-group, receiving both an MCT program and an educational brochure or to the biblio-group receiving only the brochure. All participants continued usual medical treatment. Course of headaches, intake of analgesics or triptans after training, 3 months post-training as well as 1-2 years (mean 15.7 months) later and psychological variables were defined as outcome variables. A significant decline was observed in the number of headache days (11.0-8.8), migraine days (7.3-5.7) and medication intake days (7.4-6.1) from pre to post in the MCT-group (p<0.001 each) and in the biblio-group (p<0.001 each). The pre-to-post-improvements were maintained from pre- to short- and from pre- to long-term follow-up (p<0.001 each) in both groups. Both groups improved significantly from pre to post in psychological variables, e.g. pain acceptance: p<0.001; pain catastrophizing: p<0.001; functional pain coping: p<0.001; and pain related internal control beliefs: p<0.01. Psychological improvements remained stable in both groups at short- and long-term follow-up. During the study, none of the patients developed an MOH. MCT- and bibliotherapy are useful in migraine patients to prevent medication overuse headache or the transition of episodic to chronic headache.",
"Plasma-free metanephrines measured by EIA have better diagnostic test characteristics than urinary catecholamines in the diagnosis of pheochromocytoma. The EIA offers a simple and effective measurement of plasma-free metanephrines.",
"Acute headache medication overuse (MO) is common in patients with chronic migraine (CM). We evaluated safety and efficacy of onabotulinumtoxinA as preventive treatment of headache in CM patients with baseline MO (CM+MO) in a planned secondary analysis from two similarly designed, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel, Phase III trials. Patients were randomized to treatment groups (155-195 U of onabotulinumtoxinA or placebo) using MO (patient-reported and diary-captured frequency of intake) as a stratifying variable. Of 1384 patients, 65.3% (n=904) met MO criteria (onabotulinumtoxinA: n=445, placebo: n=459). For the CM+MO subgroup at Week 24, statistically significant between-treatment group mean changes from baseline favoring onabotulinumtoxinA versus placebo were observed for headache days (primary endpoint: -8.2 vs. -6.2; p<0.001) and other secondary endpoints: frequencies of migraine days (p<0.001), moderate/severe headache days (p<0.001), cumulative headache hours on headache days (p<0.001), headache episodes (p=0.028), and migraine episodes (p=0.018) and the percentage of patients with severe Headache Impact Test-6 category (p<0.001). At Week 24, change from baseline in frequency of acute headache medication intakes (secondary endpoint) was not statistically significant (p=0.210) between groups, except for triptan intakes (p<0.001), where the onabotulinumtoxinA-treated group was favored. OnabotulinumtoxinA was effective and well tolerated as headache prophylaxis in CM+MO patients.",
"Transendocardial stem cell injection with MSCs or BMCs appeared to be safe for patients with chronic ischemic cardiomyopathy and LV dysfunction. Although the sample size and multiple comparisons preclude a definitive statement about safety and clinical effect, these results provide the basis for larger studies to provide definitive evidence about safety and to assess efficacy of this new therapeutic approach.",
"In the VSGNE, CEA and CAS showed statistically equivalent outcomes in asymptomatic and symptomatic patients treated for restenosis after prior ipsilateral CEA. However, regardless of symptom status, the risk of reintervention was increased compared with patients undergoing primary CEA.",
"These results support the use of latanoprost/timolol FC in patients whose IOP is insufficiently controlled on beta-blocker monotherapy. Patients with higher baseline IOP levels and who do not experience adverse events while on therapy are most likely to achieve a positive response to latanoprost/timolol FC.",
"Conduction block through linear lines+PVI was an efficient ablation strategy for L-PeAF, whereas the AMR amount did not influence clinical outcomes.",
"The present study suggests that inhalation of lavender essential oil may be an effective and safe treatment modality in acute management of migraine headaches.",
"Navigated laser treatment achieves more uniform laser burns with less pain during shorter treatment duration in comparison with conventional pattern laser.",
"This study was carried out to document the implementation status of public-private mix (PPM) in 6 member countries of the World Health Organization Eastern Mediterranean Region, with a particular focus on advocacy, communication and social mobilization (ACSM) specific to PPM. Interviews and focus group discussions were held with staff of national tuberculosis control programmes and partners. Four PPM models were being practised. For all models, ACSM specific to PPM was at the elementary stage. Participants perceived that promoting private partners was difficult, specific policy guidelines were deficient and human resources and capacity for both initiatives were lacking across the region. Building ACSM capacity is required along with the development of guidelines and the implementation of country-specific communication plans to carry out local-level advocacy, strategic communication and effective social mobilization to maximize the benefits of PPM.",
"Findings of this study provide a lead to explore traditional plants for malaria preventive potential through further pre-clinical and clinical studies.",
"Compared with acarbose monotherapy, acarbose/metformin FDC has superior antihyperglycaemic efficacy, brings proportionally more T2D patients to HbA1c goal, and further reduces bodyweight. Acarbose/metformin FDC is well-tolerated without significant risk of hypoglycaemia and is a potentially advantageous therapy for T2D.",
"Both latanoprost and travoprost significantly reduced IOP in our sample of CACG patients after peripheral iridotomy.",
"Thrombus aspiration combined with intracoronary tirofiban during recovery from acute MI was effective and relatively well tolerated.",
"Iron overload is present in several cases of double heterozygous sickle-cell/beta-thalassemia (HbS/β-thal). Deferasirox is an orally administered iron chelator which is effective on iron overloaded patients with transfusion-dependent anemia. The aim of this study was to investigate the efficacy and safety of deferasirox on HbS/β-thal patients with iron overload. We evaluated 31 adult patients with HbS/β-thal (14M/17F; median age 41 years) who had serum ferritin levels >1,000 ng/mL and who were sporadically transfused. Total iron burden was monitored by measuring serum ferritin levels before and monthly after starting deferasirox, while liver iron concentration and cardiac iron burden were measured by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) T2 and T2* parameters at baseline and 12 months after deferasirox treatment. Deferasirox managed to reduce the mean serum ferritin levels after 12 months of treatment from 1,989 ± 923 to 1,008 ± 776 ng/mL (P < 0.001). This reduction was accompanied by a significant improvement on MRI T2* of the liver (from 3.9 ± 3.2 to 5.8 ± 3.1 ms; P < 0.01) and by a comparable improvement of biochemical parameters of liver function. Mild nausea and diarrhea of grade 1/2 were reported in 25% of patients within the first month of treatment, but did not re-occur. These data indicate that deferasirox provided effective control of iron levels (mainly of the liver) in minimally transfused patients with HbS/β-thal, without significant adverse events, at similar doses to those studied widely for the treatment of patients with thalassemia syndromes.",
"The prevalence of J waves and their amplitude increased with the severity of hypothermia. The temporal development of J waves might not be associated with fatal arrhythmic events.",
"ISRCTN21144362.",
"Initial surgery places a patient with glaucoma at a higher risk of CE. The impact of CE on visual field indexes is mixed-the mean deviation improved but the pattern standard deviation worsened. Most, but not all, VS-QOL subscales were responsive to worsening of cataract prior to and acute improvement in vision after CE.",
"Cost of tuberculosis to patients and their families, especially before the identification of the disease was found to be very high. Therefore, consequences of tuberculosis to patients and their families are particularly serious and potentially devastating.",
"CA compression following TPV implantation can be catastrophic. CA compression was observed in 5% of patients during test balloon angioplasty. No patients in this study developed clinically apparent CA compression after TPV implantation. CA compression was significantly associated with the presence of abnormal CA anatomy, especially in patients with tetralogy of Fallot or transposition of the great arteries. Preimplantation coronary angiography with simultaneous test angioplasty is an important step to evaluate for the presence of CA compression during TPV implantation.",
"When shortening TB treatment, we are advocating for a non-inferiority, non-blinded design, with a composite unfavorable endpoint assessed 12 months post treatment completion, and added trial procedures specifically aiming to: (1) minimize endpoint unavailability; and (2) distinguish between relapse and re-infection.",
"There is a demonstrable 'learning curve' effect on the clinical efficacy and surgical practice of video assisted thoracoscopic surgery for spontaneous pneumothorax.",
"We evaluated telmisartan 80 mg for migraine prophylaxis. Migraine patients (n = 95) with three to seven migraine attacks in 3 months were randomized, double-blind to telmisartan or placebo. The primary end-point was the reduction in the number of migraine days (i.e. a day with > or = 1 h of symptoms) between the 4-week baseline period and the last 4 weeks of the 12-week treatment period. A responder was recorded when there was a symptom reduction of > or = 50% in these 4-week baseline and treatment periods. The reduction in migraine days was 1.65 with telmisartan and 1.14 with placebo (P > 0.05). Post hoc analyses adjusting for baseline and centre showed a 38% reduction in migraine days with telmisartan vs. 15% with placebo (P = 0.03), and a borderline significant difference in responders (40% vs. 25%, P = 0.07). The incidence of adverse events was similar between treatments. This study indicates that telmisartan might be effective in migraine prophylaxis.",
"The pyronaridine-artesunate pediatric granule formulation was efficacious and was non-inferior to artemether-lumefantrine. The adverse event profile was similar for the two comparators. Pyronaridine-artesunate should be considered for inclusion in paediatric malaria treatment programmes.",
"One-third of patients obtained a final diagnosis with the ILR, independent of the baseline characteristics. Only the cause of implantation provided different rates of final diagnosis. ",
"Repeated intermediate-dosage [131I]MIBG treatment appears to be a reliable and well-tolerated radionuclide therapy and might be a useful adjunct in patients with malignant pheochromocytoma, providing longstanding palliation and prolonged survival.",
"Under National TB/HIV framework, all TB patients are referred by Revised National Tuberculosis Programme (RNTCP) service providers to Integrated Counseling and Testing Centers (ICTCs) for voluntary counseling and testing (C&T) and ICTC "TB-suspects" are referred to RNTCP facilities for TB diagnosis and treatment. HIV-TB coinfected patients are then referred to Anti Retroviral Treatment (ART) center for initiation of ART between two weeks and two months of initiating TB treatment. During the third phase of National AIDS Control Programme (NACP-III, April 2007-April 2012), 30749/130503 (23.6%) TB/HIV cross-referrals were lost to follow up (LTFU) and there was missed opportunity for 940/1884 (49.9%) HIV-TB coinfected patients for initiation of ART during TB treatment. This motivated Delhi State AIDS Control Society (DSACS) and State TB Cell (STC) to revise existing cross-referral strategy. The new strategy was launched in May 2012, wherein HIV-TB coinfected and HIV-positive "TB-suspects" were referred to nearest ART center for HIV care and investigations of TB at Chest Clinic/Designated Microscopy Centre (DMC) located within the same hospital instead of referral to area RNTCP facility. Outcome of the strategy was evaluated in March 2013. The new HIV-TB cross-referral strategy in Delhi has shown advantage over national strategy: first, improved retention of coinfected clients in HIV care; second, ensured timely initiation of TB-treatment and ART; and third, significantly improved survival of HIV-TB coinfected patients.",
"This prospective multicenter series shows a high success rate of ECM in accurately diagnosing the mechanism of AT and the location of focal arrhythmia. Intraprocedural use of the system and its application to atrial fibrillation mapping is under way.",
"This study aims to value the efficacy of the association between alpha-blockers and calcium channel-blockers, administered per os, in the reduction of preoperative preparation in patients with phaeochromocytoma and the calcium channel-blockers utility when are administered e.v. in the control of development of arterial paroxysmal hypertension during surgical manipulations. The trial had been conducted on 5 patients which have undergone the operation, before the operation we administered per os nifedipine and phonoxybenzamine for 8 days and during the operation we administered diltiazem e.v. The association between alpha-blockers and calcium-blockers per os, has reduced the preparation stage and has controlled the pressure parameters during the preoperative treatment. When we utilized diltiazem during the operation, we haven't note a good hemodynamic stability; these results are opposed to Tokioka's. Calcium channel-blockers and alpha-blockers seem to be a good therapy in the preoperative preparation of patients with phaeochromocytomas and they seem to be able to take fastly the standard of preoperative preparation.",
"There was a significant increase in IOP from discontinuation of timolol XE, latanoprost, and brinzolamide in the multiple drug treatment. The hypotensive effect of latanoprost in the combined drug therapy is significantly greater than the effects of timolol XE and brinzolamide.",
"This intervention study conducted in the Neurology outpatient Department of Mymensingh Medical College Hospital (MMCH) from January 2006 to December 2007 to compare efficacy of amitriptyline, pizotifen and propranolol in the prophylaxis of migraine. Ninety cases were selected following certain inclusion and exclusion criteria. Result showed that the differences in duration, frequency and severity of attack were reduced in all groups but the differences among the groups were not significant (p>0.05). However, compared with amitriptyline and pizotifen, the propranolol group needed tablet paracetamol as abortive therapy less frequently which was statistically significant (p<0.05). All the drugs were well tolerated with minimum adverse effects.",
"null",
"null",
"Low testosterone levels predict an increase in all-cause mortality during long-term follow-up. Testosterone replacement may improve survival in hypogonadal men with type 2 diabetes.",
"A low-carbohydrate diet was well tolerated and achieved weight loss over 24 weeks in subjects with diabetes. Glycemic control improved with a reduction in requirements for hypoglycemic agents.",
"Overall, CRT improved LV but not RV structure and function with little evidence of an interaction with TAPSE. During a median (interquartile range) follow-up of 748 (582 to 950) days, 213 deaths occurred. Patients with lower TAPSE had a higher mortality, regardless of assigned treatment (p < 0.001). Greater inter-ventricular mechanical delay, New York Heart Association functional class, mitral regurgitation, and N-terminal pro-B-type natriuretic peptide, lower TAPSE, and assignment to the control group were independently associated with higher mortality. Reduction in mortality with CRT was similar in each tertile of TAPSE.",
"Although reduced natural killer (NK) cell levels have been reported consistently in patients with coronary artery disease (CAD), the clinical significance and persistence of this immune perturbation is not clarified. In this study we characterized the NK cell deficit further by determining (i) differentiation surface markers and cytokine profile of NK cell subsets and (ii) ability to reconstitute NK cell levels over time. Flow cytometry was used to analyse NK cell subsets and the intracellular cytokine profile in 31 patients with non-ST elevation myocardial infarction (non-STEMI), 34 patients with stable angina (SA) and 37 healthy controls. In blood collected prior to coronary angiography, the proportions of NK cells were reduced significantly in non-STEMI and SA patients compared with controls, whereas NK cell subset analyses or cytokine profile measurements did not reveal any differences across groups. During a 12-month follow-up, the proportions of NK cells increased, although not in all patients. Failure to reconstitute NK cell levels was associated with several components of metabolic syndrome. Moreover, interleukin (IL)-6 levels remained high in patients with sustained NK cell deficit, whereas a decline in IL-6 (P < 0·001) was seen in patients with a pronounced increase in NK cells. In conclusion, we found no evidence that reduction of NK cells in CAD patients was associated with aberrations in NK cell phenotype at any clinical stage of the disease. Conversely, failure to reconstitute NK cell levels was associated with a persistent low-grade inflammation, suggesting a protective role of NK cells in CAD.",
"Good adherence to medication was associated with a lower cardiovascular risk than with poor adherence, and the assistance of a pharmacist is of great importance in achieving persistent adherence during treatment.",
"Digoxin was associated with a significant increase in all-cause mortality in patients with AF after correcting for clinical characteristics and comorbidities, regardless of gender or of the presence or absence of HF. These findings call into question the widespread use of digoxin in patients with AF.",
"Bimatoprost and travoprost each effectively lowered IOP in this population of black patients. More patients achieved clinically relevant IOP reductions with bimatoprost.",
"Topical diclofenac sodium may interfere with the IOP lowering effect of latanoprost in glaucoma patients; therefore this interference should be noted in coadministration of these drugs.",
"In patients with ST-segment-elevation myocardial infarction, a significant interaction between bivalirudin therapy and admission WBC count was apparent for 1-year mortality. The reduction in mortality was independent of major bleeding, suggesting that other mechanisms may be implicated in the survival benefit observed with bivalirudin.",
"Telmisartan was significantly more effective than carvedilol in preventing recurrent AF episodes in hypertensive AF patients, despite a similar lowering of blood pressure.",
"Intracardiac electrophysiological effects and antiarrhythmic activity of novel domestic class III antiarrhythmogenic drug niferidil has been studied in a group of 25 patients with paroxismal supraventricular tachycardia (PSVT) diagnosis. The drug was administered in a dose of 20 mg/kg (i.v.). Niferidil injections increased the refractory periods in both right and left atrium (by 22 and 20%, respectively, p < 0.001), right ventricle (12%, p < 0.01), and the His-Purkinje system (34%, p < 0.001) and improved additional anterograde and retrograde conduction (by 22 and 31%, respectively, p < 0.001), while not influencing the conduction via excitable cardiac tissues. Elongation of the QTc interval (22%, p <0.05) in one case was accompanied by an arrythmogenic effect (induction of short-term polymorphous ventricular tachycardia of the "torsade de pointes" type. Niferidil arrested PSVT in 78% cases and prevented PSVT development in response to endocardial stimulation in 86% of patients.",
"Baseline MR greater than mild is associated with higher mortality after CoreValve Revalving System-TAVR. A significant improvement in MR was more likely in patients with functional MR and without severe pulmonary hypertension or atrial fibrillation. The improvement in MR did not independently predict mortality.",
"The risks of stroke, mortality, and major bleeding were lower with apixaban than warfarin regardless of AF type and duration. Although the risk of stroke or systemic embolism was lower in paroxysmal than persistent or permanent AF, apixaban is an attractive alternative to warfarin in patients with AF and at least one other risk factor for stroke, regardless of the type or duration of AF.",
"Spinal fractures usually occur outdoors causing by accidental falls from low heights, most frequently happen on the road. The number of fall-induced injuries and sports injury increased steadily with age, may indicate that there is growing concern for the consequences of falls and sports in the elderly.",
"A pilot study of electrochemical treatment (ECT) as a therapy for 386 patients with nonsmall cell lung cancer was undertaken. There were 103 stage II cases, 89 stage IIIa cases, 122 stage IIIb cases, and 72 stage IV cases. Two ECT methods were used: For peripherally located lung cancer, platinum electrodes were inserted transcutaneously into the tumor under x-ray or CT guidance. For central type lung cancer or for those inoperable during thoracotomy, electrodes were inserted intraoperatively directly into the cancer. Voltage was 6-8 V, current was 40-100 mA, and electric charge was 100 coulombs per cm of tumor diameter. The number of electrodes was determined from the size of cancer mass, because the diameter of effective area around each electrode is approximately 3 cm. The short-term (6 months after ECT) results of the 386 lung cancer cases were: complete response (CR), 25.6% (99/386); partial response (PR), 46.4% (179/386); no change (NC), 15.3% (59/386); and progressive disease (PD), 12.7% (49/386). The total effective rate (CR + PR) was 72% (278/386). The 1, 3, and 5 year overall survival rates were 86.3% (333/386), 58.8% (227/386), and 29.5% (114/386), respectively. The main complication was traumatic pneumothorax, with an incidence rate of 14.8% (57/386). These clinical results show that ECT is simple, safe, effective, and minimally traumatic. ECT provides an alternative method for treating lung cancers that are conventionally inoperable, that are not responsive to chemotherapy or radiotherapy, or that cannot be resected after thoracotomy. Long-term survival rates suggest that ECT warrants further investigation.",
"In a quarter of the AF patients, amiodarone causes superior SAN dysfunction, which results in a downward shift of the EAS and reduced P-wave amplitude in leads II, III and aVF at baseline and during isoproterenol infusion.",
"In this observational registry, high-risk patients undergoing PCI and requiring IABP support appeared to have fewer NACEs if transradial access was used instead of transfemoral, mainly due to fewer access-related bleedings. Given the inherent limitations of this retrospective work, including the inability to adjust for unknown confounders, further controlled studies are warranted to confirm or refute these findings.",
"Latanoprost, travoprost, and bimatoprost had no statistically significant effect on the blood-aqueous barrier of phakic patients with POAG or OHT. Bimatoprost may be associated with a clinically irrelevant reduction in mean CCT.",
"American Heart Association, Joseph Drown Foundation, and National Institutes of Health.",
"Development of hospital-acquired anemia (HAA) during acute myocardial infarction may be related to processes of care and is associated with poor outcomes. Little is known about variation in the incidence of HAA across hospitals or the hospital characteristics associated with HAA. We studied 17,676 patients with acute myocardial infarction without anemia at admission, defining HAA as a hemoglobin decline below anemia diagnostic thresholds and moderate-to-severe HAA as a hemoglobin decline to <11 g/dl. We calculated median rate ratios (MRRs), the median value of the relative risk (RR) for HAA for 2 patients with identical characteristics presenting to 2 randomly selected hospitals, to identify variation in HAA adjusting for patient characteristics. Separate models were fit to test the association between hospital characteristics and HAA. HAA (57.5%) and moderate-to-severe HAA (20.1%) were common. The incidence of HAA varied substantially across hospitals and remained significant after multivariable adjustment (any HAA: MRR 1.09, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.07 to 1.13; moderate-to-severe HAA: MRR 1.27, 95% CI 1.19 to 1.39). Adjusting for patient characteristics, teaching status (RR 0.91, 95% CI 0.84 to 0.97 vs nonteaching status), and region (Northeast vs Midwest: RR 1.10, 95% CI 1.01 to 1.19; West vs Midwest: RR 1.19, 95% CI 1.06 to 1.33, respectively) was associated with risk of HAA. Teaching status (RR 0.7, 95% CI 0.6 to 0.9 vs nonteaching status) and region (South vs Midwest: RR 1.3, 95% CI 1.0 to 1.5) were independently associated with moderate-to-severe HAA. In conclusion, we observed significant variability in the incidence of HAA across hospitals and found a lower risk of HAA at teaching centers, suggesting that qualitative studies of the relation between HAA and processes of care are needed to identify targets for quality improvement.",
"Artemisinin-based combination therapies (ACTs) are the first-line treatment of uncomplicated malaria. The public health benefit and safety of repeated administration of a given ACT are poorly studied. We conducted a randomized trial comparing artemether-lumefantrine, artesunate plus amodiaquine (AS+AQ) and artesunate plus sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine (AS+SP) in patients 6 months of age and older with uncomplicated malaria in Mali from July 2005 to July 2007. The patient received the same initial treatment of each subsequent uncomplicated malaria episode except for treatment failures where quinine was used. Overall, 780 patients were included. Patients in the AS+AQ and AS+SP arms had significantly less risk of having malaria episodes; risk ratio (RR) = 0.84 (P = 0.002) and RR = 0.80 (P = 0.001), respectively. The treatment efficacy was similar and above 95% in all arms. Although all drugs were highly efficacious and well tolerated, AS+AQ and AS+SP were associated with less episodes of malaria.",
"In patients with HFpEF, short-term treatment with ivabradine increased exercise capacity, with a contribution from improved left ventricular filling pressure response to exercise as reflected by the ratio of peak early diastolic mitral flow velocity to peak early diastolic mitral annular velocity. Because this patient population is symptomatic on exertion, therapeutic treatments targeting abnormal exercise hemodynamic status may prove useful. (Use of Exercise and Medical Therapies to Improve Cardiac Function Among Patients With Exertional Shortness of Breath Due to Lung Congestion; ACTRN12610001087044).",
"To investigate the temporal association between frequency of non-nocturnal hypoglycemia and sleep quality among patients with diabetes receiving insulin therapy.We used data from 1 513 patients with diabetes receiving insulin therapy. We estimated the relative risks (RR) of the frequency of non-nocturnal hypoglycemia for poor sleep quality measured by the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index.The average age and HbA1c value of the patients were 63.7 years and 7.8%, respectively. Compared with poor sleep quality in patients without any type of non-nocturnal disabling hypoglycemia (NNDH), the multivariable-adjusted RR values for poor sleep quality were 1.30 (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.06-1.61) and 1.37 (95% CI, 0.96-1.95) in patients who experienced 1-4 and ≥5 episodes of NNDH, respectively (p=0.004). Experiencing non-nocturnal severe hypoglycemia (NNSH) once in the past 90 days significantly increased the risk of poor sleep quality by 1.54 episodes (95% CI, 1.16-2.05; p=0.003). By adding the presence of depression as a variable to the multivariable-adjusted model, these associations were attenuated because we did not observe any significant association between NNDH and poor sleep quality (p=0.178). However, a significant association between NNSH and poor sleep quality was observed (RR=1.43; 95% CI, 1.09-1.90; p=0.011).A high frequency of non-nocturnal hypoglycemia was associated with poor sleep quality in patients with diabetes receiving insulin therapy. Our data also suggested that the association of NNDH, and not NNSH, was mediated by comorbid depression.",
"Plasma PfHRP2 has prognostic significance in African children with severe falciparum malaria and provides a tool to stratify the risk of "true" severe malaria-attributable disease as opposed to other severe illnesses in parasitaemic African children.",
"We demonstrated excellent agreement on ST-segment measurements between two experienced readers from two ECG core laboratories.",
"Lipoteichoic acid (LTA) is the key pathogenic factor of gram-positive bacteria and contributes significantly to organ dysfunction in sepsis, a frequent complication in critical care patients. We hypothesized that LTA directly affects cardiomyocyte function, thus contributing to cardiac failure in sepsis. This study was designed to evaluate the effects of LTA on contractile properties and calcium-transients of isolated adult rat cardiomyocytes. When myocytes were exposed to LTA for 1h prior to analysis, the amplitudes of calcium-transients as well as sarcomere shortening increased to 130% and 142% at 1 Hz stimulation frequency. Relengthening of sarcomeres as well as decay of calcium-transients was accelerated after LTA incubation. Exposure to LTA for 24 h resulted in significant depression of calcium-transients as well as of sarcomere shortening compared to controls. One of the major findings of our experiments is that LTA most likely affects calcium-handling of the cardiomyocytes. The effect is exacerbated by reduced extracellular calcium, which resembles the clinical situation in septic patients. Functionally, an early stimulating effect of LTA with increased contractility of the cardiomyocytes may be an in vitro reflection of early hyperdynamic phases in clinical sepsis. Septic disorders have been shown to induce late hypodynamic states of the contractile myocardium, which is also supported at the single-cell level in vitro by results of our 24h-exposure to LTA.",
"High levels of the novel inflammatory marker YKL-40 have been demonstrated in inflammatory environments and in remodeling of the extracellular matrix. Both are key components in atrial wall remodeling in atrial fibrillation (AF). We studied the relation between rhythm outcome after electrical cardioversion (ECV) for persistent AF and serum levels of YKL-40. A secondary point of interest was a potential effect of the angiotensin receptor blocker candesartan on YKL-40 levels. In the Candesartan in the Prevention of Relapsing Atrial Fibrillation (CAPRAF) study, 171 patients with persistent AF were randomized to receive candesartan 8mg once daily or placebo for 3-6 weeks before ECV and candesartan 16mg once daily or placebo for 6 months after ECV. Serum levels of YKL-40 were measured in fasting blood samples collected at baseline and at end of the study. Mean age was 64±11 years, and 39 (22.8%) were women. Sinus rhythm was maintained for 6 months after ECV in 41 (23.9%). Baseline levels of YKL-40 were significantly correlated to age (Spearmans rho; rs=0.442; p<0.001), CHA2DS2-VASc(1) score (rs=0.256; p<0.001) and left atrial diameter (rs=0.185; p=0.017). By use of Kaplan-Meier quartile analysis of baseline YKL-40 levels, no relation between YKL-40 levels and risk of AF recurrence was found. End of study YKL-40 levels were unchanged from baseline, both in patients with AF recurrence and those maintaining sinus rhythm for 6 months. Treatment with candesartan had no influence on serum YKL-40 levels.",
"Migraineurs have subtle deficits in endogenous pain modulation which requires a more challenging test protocol than the commonly used single CPM. Waning of CPM response seems to reveal this pronociceptive state. The clinical relevance of the CPM waning effect is highlighted by its association with clinical parameters of migraine.",
"In patients with atrial fibrillation at risk for stroke, both doses of dabigatran compared with warfarin have lower risks of both intracranial and extracranial bleeding in patients aged <75 years. In those aged ≥75 years, intracranial bleeding risk is lower but extracranial bleeding risk is similar or higher with both doses of dabigatran compared with warfarin.",
"Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and the National Institutes of Health.",
"We evaluated the effects of myocardial perfusion after primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) for acute myocardial infarction (AMI) on gender-based mortality rates. Research has demonstrated a gender-specific response of cardiomyocytes to ischemia and a potential increase in myocardial salvage in women compared with men. Myocardial blush grade (MBG), an angiographic surrogate of myocardial perfusion, is an independent predictor of early and late survival after AMI. Whether the incidence and prognosis of myocardial perfusion differs according to gender among patients with AMI undergoing PCI is unknown. MBG and short- and long-term mortality were evaluated in 1,301 patients (male = 935; female = 366) with AMI randomized to primary angioplasty ± abciximab versus stent ± abciximab. Following PCI, >96% of patients achieved final Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction 3 flow, of which MBG 2/3 was present in 58.3% of women versus 51.1% of men (p = 0.02). Worse MBG was an independent predictor of mortality in women at 30 days (7.4% for MBG 0/1 vs 2.4% for MBG 2/3, p = 0.04) and at 1-year (11.0% for MBG 0/1 vs 3.4% for MBG 2/3, p = 0.01); however, MBG was not associated with differences in mortality for men. In conclusion, impaired myocardial perfusion following PCI for AMI, indicated by worse MBG, is an independent predictor of early and late mortality in women but not in men. These findings imply an enhanced survival benefit from restoring myocardial perfusion for women compared with men during primary angioplasty and may have clinical implications for interventional strategies in women.",
"These pilot data in type 2 diabetic patients show that sevoflurane anaesthesia decreases resting myocardial blood flow compared to healthy controls. Further, we observed a trend towards a lower endothelium-independent vasodilation capacity in diabetic patients under sevoflurane anaesthesia. Endothelium-dependent vasodilation was not affected by sevoflurane in diabetic patients. These data provide preliminary insight into myocardial responses in type 2 diabetic patients under general anaesthesia.",
"Compared with metformin, exenatide is better to control blood glucose, reduces body weight and improves hepatic enzymes, attenuating NAFLD in patients with T2DM concomitant with NAFLD.",
"Silver nitrate pleurodesis as prevention against recurrence in primary spontaneous pneumothorax was started in our department on an empiric basis. In a controlled trial in 1981 the method was found to be as good as earlier stated, but the method has a high number of side effects and has never been widely accepted. In a prospective, controlled trial comparing silver nitrate pleurodesis with tetracycline pleurodesis, we found no differences in recurrence frequency, but the time of hospitalization was significantly longer in the silver nitrate group (p less than 0.05). Furthermore, we found a decrease of exudation and a decreased use of analgetics in the tetracycline group. As a consequence of the investigation, we have abandoned the silver nitrate method and now recommend tetracycline pleurodesis as the treatment of choice in primary spontaneous pneumothorax in patients with only tiny blebs on the surface of the lung.",
"The American Society for Microbiology (ASM) and the Journal of Clinical Microbiology (JCM) are issuing this Expression of Concern to alert readers to questions about the ownership of the data in the following publication: M. Hoshide, L. Qian, C. Rodrigues, R. Warren, T. Victor, H. B. Evasco II, T. Tupasi, V. Crudu, and J. T. Douglas. Geographic Differences Associated with SNPs in Nine Gene Targets among Resistant Clinical Isolates of Mycobacterium tuberculosis. J. Clin. Microbiol. Published ahead of print 19 June 2013. doi:10.1128/JCM.00857-13. JCM has been notified that substantial portions of the data presented in the manuscript were derived from results of a multicenter study centered at the University of California in San Diego (UCSD) and funded by the National Institutes of Health, and that the manuscript by Hoshide et al. was submitted for publication without prior approval of the UCSD study center. This matter is now under discussion by the University of Hawaii, Dr. Douglas's institution, and UCSD. Pending resolution of the questions raised regarding the right of the authors to publish these data, JCM has placed publication of the final version of the manuscript on hold. It should be noted that, according to ASM policies prohibiting duplicate publication, while the Hoshide et al. manuscript remains published, JCM cannot consider papers from other participants in the multicenter study if they include essentially the same data.",
"FHx may be an independent prognostic predictor, especially in female patients and patients with low-risk profile.",
"Prescription omega-3-acid ethyl esters plus atorvastatin produced significant improvements in non-HDL-C and other lipid parameters in patients with elevated non-HDL-C and triglyceride levels.",
"Hydroxyurea therapy reduces hemolysis and decreases serum bilirubin levels in children and adults with sickle cell anemia (SCA) and may therefore help prevent the development of cholelithiasis in this patient population. We recently reported that a promoter polymorphism in the uridine diphosphoglucuronate glucuronosyltransferase 1A (UGT1A) gene affects steady-state bilirubin levels and the incidence of gallstones in children with SCA. We have now analyzed the influence of the UGT1A genotype on the therapeutic response to hydroxyurea. A large cohort of children with SCA taking hydroxyurea therapy at the maximum tolerated dose demonstrated significant reductions in hemolysis independent of UGT1A promoter polymorphism genotype, but the hydroxyurea-related decreases in serum bilirubin levels were significantly different. Children with the wild-type 6/6 UGT1A genotype demonstrated normalized bilirubin levels with hydroxyurea therapy, but children with the heterozygous 6/7 or abnormal 7/7 genotypes did not. Children with the abnormal 7/7 genotype, which confers the phenotype of Gilbert syndrome, had bilirubin levels greater than 3 mg/dL despite full-dose hydroxyurea therapy. These data indicate the UGT1A promoter polymorphism is a powerful nonglobin genetic modifier in SCA that influences serum bilirubin both at baseline and on hydroxyurea therapy. UGT1A promoter polymorphisms may therefore influence the ability of hydroxyurea to prevent gallstone formation in patients with SCA.",
"Co-administration of etravirine with artemether/lumefantrine may lower the antimalarial activity of artemether and should therefore be used with caution. Darunavir/ritonavir can be co-administered with artemether/lumefantrine without dose adjustment but should be used with caution.",
"Measurement of echolucency of the carotid artery was useful for assessment of residual coronary risk in CAD patients after LDL-C goal attainment on statin treatment.",
"As compared with simvastatin, an established first-line lipid-lowering agent, pitavastatin is an efficacious treatment choice in patients with primary hypercholesterolaemia or combined dyslipidaemia.",
"The presence and extent of LGE is associated with vulnerability for HHF, including higher risks of HHF across the spectrum of heart failure stage and LVEF. Even when LVEF is severely decreased, those without LGE appear to fare reasonably well. LGE may enhance risk stratification for HHF and may enhance both clinical and research efforts to reduce HHF through targeted treatment.",
"A total of 458 patients with single de novo native coronary lesions ≤24 mm in length and a coronary artery ≥2.25 to ≤4.0 mm in diameter were enrolled in the TARGET I study, a prospective, randomised, non-inferiority trial. The primary endpoint was in-stent late lumen loss (LLL) at nine-month follow-up. The secondary endpoint, target lesion failure (TLF), was defined as the composite of cardiac death, target vessel myocardial infarction (TVMI), or ischaemia-driven target lesion revascularisation (iTLR). Patients were centrally randomised to treatment with either biodegradable polymer SES (n=227) or durable polymer EES (n=231). The nine-month in-stent LLL of the biodegradable polymer SES was comparable to the EES group (0.13 ± 0.24 mm vs. 0.13 ± 0.18 mm, p=0.94; difference and 95% confidence interval 0.00 [-0.04, 0.04] mm; p for non-inferiority <0.0001). Cardiac death (0.4% vs. 0.0%), TVMI (1.3% vs. 1.7%), iTLR (0.4% vs. 0.4%) and TLF (2.2% vs. 2.2%) were similar between the biodegradable polymer SES and durable polymer EES groups at 12-month follow-up (all p>0.05). No definite/probable stent thrombosis was observed in both of these groups.",
"The accuracy with which pheochromocytomas and paragangliomas can be visualized questions nowadays the routine use of abdominal approach. In selected cases of sporadic unilateral chromaffin tumours, a posterior, lateral, or even laparoscopic approach should be considered.",
"Circulating 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25(OH)D) has been associated with cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk in observational studies. Also, SNPs to explain variation in 25(OH)D have been identified by genome-wide association studies. Detection of direct associations between SNPs that significantly affect 25(OH)D and CVD risk would indicate a causal role of vitamin D, as reverse causation could be excluded and confounding could be better controlled. Thus, a combined analysis of candidate SNPs in relation to circulating 25(OH)D and CVD risk was carried out. A case-cohort study within the EPIC-Germany study was conducted comprising a randomly drawn subcohort of 2,132 subjects (57.9% women, mean age: 50.6 years) and incident cases of myocardial infarction (n=559) and stroke (n=471) that occurred during a mean follow-up duration of 7.6 years. 25(OH)D concentrations were measured by LC-MS/MS in baseline plasma samples. Additionally, eight candidate SNPs were assayed. Associations between 25(OH)D, SNPs and the risks of myocardial infarction and stroke were assessed by multivariable regression analyses. Mean 25(OH)D level was 47.2 nmol/L in the subcohort. Four SNPs were associated with 25(OH)D (p<0.05). In subjects with 25(OH)D levels <25 nmol/L, the risks of CVD as composite endpoint (Hazard Ratio: 1.53, 95% confidence interval: 1.12-2.09), myocardial infarction, and stroke were significantly increased compared to subjects with levels ≥ 50 nmol/L, while no significant linear associations were observed. A SNP score was not related to the risks of total CVD (Hazard Ratio: 1.0, 95% confidence interval: 0.71-1.42), myocardial infarction, or stroke. The same was true concerning single SNPs. Given the lack of association between SNPs and the risks of stroke and myocardial infarction, the present findings do not point to a major causal role of vitamin D in the development of these diseases. However, a detection of modest associations between genetic markers and CVD risk in larger consortia cannot be ruled out.",
"Artesunate (AS) in combination with sulfadoxine/pyrimethamine (SP) is the first-line therapy for management of uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria in Sudan. The objective of this study was to assess the potential impact of SP on the pharmacokinetics of AS and its active metabolite, dihydroartemisinin (DHA), in healthy adults. A single-dose, randomized, open-label, crossover study design with a washout period of three weeks was performed with 16 volunteers. After oral administration of AS alone or in combination with SP, Tmax values of AS and DHA were significantly prolonged in the combination group (P < 0.05). However, there was no significant effect on the other pharmacokinetic parameters (P > 0.05). The t1/2 values of AS and DHA were significantly higher in females than in males (P < 0.05). The present findings suggest that co-administration of SP with AS has no clinically relevant impact on the pharmacokinetics of AS or DHA in healthy persons.",
"Infusion volume therapy should be used for correction of right ventricular failure and disturbances of atrio-ventricular conductivity in case of right ventricular failure absence.",
"Times to achieve PR and PF were significantly shorter for patients using rizatriptan, as compared with those using almotriptan.",
"The increasing use of EIT in clinical research on severely ill lung patients requires a clarification of the influence of pathologic impedance distributions on the validity of the resulting tomograms. Significant accumulation of low-conducting air (e.g. pneumothorax or emphysema) or well-conducting liquid (e.g. haematothorax or atelectases) may conflict with treating the imaging problem as purely linear. First, we investigated the influence of stepwise inflation and deflation by up to 300 ml of air and 300 ml of Ringer solution into the pleural space of five pigs on the resulting tomograms during ventilation at constant tidal volume. Series of EIT images representing relative impedance changes were generated on the basis of a modified Sheffield back projection algorithm and ventilation distribution was displayed as functional (f-EIT) tomograms. In addition, a modified simultaneous iterative reconstruction technique (SIRT) was applied to quantify the resistivity distribution on an absolute level scaled in Omega m (a-EIT). Second, we applied these two EIT techniques on four intensive care patients with inhomogeneous air and fluid distribution and compared the EIT results to computed tomography (CT) and to a reference set of intrathoracic resistivity data of 20 healthy volunteers calculated by SIRT. The results of the animal model show that f-EIT based on back projection is not disturbed by the artificial pneumo- or haematothorax. Application of SIRT allows reliable discrimination and detection of the location and amplitude of pneumo- or haematothorax. These results were supported by the good agreement between the electrical impedance tomograms and CT scans on patients and by the significant differences of regional resistivity data between patients and healthy volunteers.",
"Ambulatory primary care is dominated by non-communicable chronic diseases. HIV/AIDS and TB are common, but not to the extent predicted by the burden of disease. Pneumonia and gastroenteritis are commonly seen especially in children. Women's health issues such as family planning and pregnancy related visits are also common. Injuries are not as common as expected from the burden of disease. Primary care providers did not recognise mental health problems. The results should guide the future training and assessment of primary care providers.",
"The trial is registered at the Danish Data Protection Agency.",
"Migrants experience a disproportionate diagnostic delay, but no meaningful inequalities were identified regarding initiation of treatment after diagnosis. A poorer virological and immunological response was observed in SSA. Migrants had an increased risk of AIDS, which was mainly attributable to tuberculosis.",
"In a previous study we observed an increase in urinary cyclic AMP in labile hypertension in the upright position and during isoproterenol infusion, in contrast to a decrease in control subjects. In the present study we measured the plasma level of cyclic AMP in control subjects and patients with various types of hypertension. We obtained the following results: (1) plasma cyclic AMP increases in response to upright posture in control subjects and hypertensive patients; (2) values of cyclic AMP in the recumbent and upright positions are comparable in control subjects and patients with essential hypertension, but are significantly higher in those with true renovascular hypertension due to bilateral renal artery stenosis; (3) propranolol inhibits the increase of plasma cyclic AMP in response to posture in control subjects, but has an opposite effect in labile hypertension where there is a further increase; (4) the rise in blood pressure in pheochromocytoma is associated with a considerable increase in plasma cyclic AMP.Present and previous data suggest that kidney handling of cyclic AMP is abnormal in hypertension, and that the specific defect may be related to the type of hypertension.",
"Hydroxyurea improves hematologic parameters for children with sickle cell disease (SCD), but its long-term efficacy at maximum tolerated dose (MTD) has not been determined. Between 1995 and 2002, hydroxyurea therapy was initiated for 122 pediatric patients with SCD including 106 with homozygous sickle cell anemia (HbSS), 7 with sickle hemoglobin C (HbSC), 7 with sickle/beta-thalassemia (HbS/ beta-thalassemia [6 HbS/beta0, 1 HbS/beta+]), and 2 with sickle hemoglobin OArab (HbS/OArab). Median age at initiation of therapy was 11.1 years. Hydroxyurea was escalated to MTD, with an average dose of 25.4 +/- 5.4 mg/kg per day; the average duration of hydroxyurea therapy has been 45 +/- 24 months (range, 6-101 months). Hydroxyurea was discontinued for 15 (12%) children with poor compliance. Mild transient neutropenia occurred, but no hepatic or renal toxicity was noted. Hydroxyurea therapy led to significant increases in hemoglobin level, mean corpuscular volume, and fetal hemoglobin (HbF) level, whereas significant decreases occurred in reticulocyte, white blood cell, and platelet counts and serum bilirubin levels. Children with variant SCD genotypes also had hematologic responses to hydroxyurea. HbF induction has been sustained for up to 8 years without adverse effects on growth or increased numbers of acquired DNA mutations. Long-term hydroxyurea therapy at MTD is well tolerated by pediatric patients with SCD and has sustained hematologic efficacy with apparent long-term safety.",
"Resistance to INH+RMP is the most frequent resistance pattern among patients referred from DOTS clinics in the Philippines for suspected MDR-TB. Initial use of standard regimens based on national survey data and quick uptake of new rapid molecular resistance tests may be useful to reduce diagnostic delays and expedite treatment for drug-resistant TB.",
"Postoperative atrial fibrillation (AF) is a serious yet common complication after coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) surgery. Risk factors for postoperative AF have been identified, including echocardiographic parameters, and these are relied on to implement preventative strategies that reduce the incidence of AF. There has yet to be a study examining the impact of echocardiographic right-sided cardiac parameters on the prediction of postoperative AF. Thus, a panel of right-sided cardiac parameters was measured in a cohort of patients undergoing isolated CABG surgery, excluding those who did not have echocardiographic assessment within 30 days before surgery and those with any history of AF. The primary outcome was postoperative AF defined as any episode of AF requiring treatment during the index hospitalization. Postoperative AF occurred in 197 of 768 patients (25.6%); these were older and more likely to have hypertension and chronic kidney disease. After adjustment for clinical and echocardiographic variables, left atrial volume index ≥34 ml/m(2) (odds ratio [OR] 1.98, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.36 to 2.87), abnormal right ventricular myocardial performance index (OR 1.50, 95% CI 1.01 to 2.24), and advancing age (OR 1.05, 95% CI 1.03 to 1.07) were found to be independent predictors of postoperative AF. In conclusion, right ventricular myocardial performance index is a novel predictor of postoperative AF in patients undergoing isolated CABG surgery and appears to be additive to established risk factors such as age and left atrial volume.",
"Our results suggest that life chaos may be an important determinant of medication adherence. Life chaos screenings could identify those at risk for nonadherence.",
"ACTRN 12611001196932.",
"This provided further evidence that vitamin supplementation is effective in reducing migraine and also that both MTHFR and MTRR gene variants are acting independently to influence treatment response in female migraineurs.",
"Procainamide, the relatively older drug, was more effective than lidocaine in terminating SMVT associated with structural heart diseases. This is a retrospective analysis but can form the basis for formulating guidelines for initial management of SMVT.",
"The aim of the present observational study was to assess the value of the C825T polymorphism of the beta-3 subunit of G proteins (GNB3) as well as of variants in the SLC6A4 gene (5HTTLPR and STin2 VNTR) and DRD2 gene (TaqI A and NcoI) as predictive markers for consistency in headache response to triptans in migraine patients. Consistent responders to triptans were defined as the migraineurs who experienced a > or =2 point reduction in a 4-point scale intensity of pain from 3 (severe) to 0 (absent) 2h after triptan administration, in at least two attacks out of the three. Genotyping was performed by PCR and PCR-RFLP on genomic DNA extracted from peripheral blood. The impact of clinical and biological variables on consistency status of headache response to triptans was evaluated by using a binary logistic regression model with stepwise selection. Forty-three (33%) of the 130 migraine patients included in the study did not consistently respond to triptan administration. In a binary logistic regression model, STin 2.12/12 genotype (OR=3.363, 95% CI: 1.262-8.966, P=0.005) and non-use of migraine prophylactic medications (OR=2.848, 95% CI: 1.019-7.959, P=0.010) were found as significant factors increasing the odds of achieving inconsistent response to triptans. The analysis of classificatory power of the model showed moderate values of sensitivity (0.56), high specificity (0.87), and an overall prediction correctness (0.77). These results support the role of STin2 VNTR polymorphism of serotonin transporter gene as a relevant genetic factor conferring a higher risk of inconsistent response to triptans in migraine patients.",
"The ST elevation myocardial infarction was the major clinical form of acute coronary syndrome admitted in intensive care unit. Prevention should be targeted on modiﬁ able risk factors such as the management of hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes and obesity. In addition, the improvement in cardiology service with the establishment of CCU and cathlab might improve the mortality and morbidity in such cases.",
"Epicardial pacemaker implantation through pericardial reflections is an effective alternative therapy for those patients requiring physiologic pacing in whom venous access is limited.",
"Neuropsychologic data are presented from a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter study with placebo, topiramate 50 mg/day, and topiramate 100 mg/day. The Cambridge Neuropsychological Test Automated Battery (CANTAB) and cognitive adverse events were used to evaluate neurocognitive effects of topiramate. Topiramate 100 mg/day vs placebo was associated with slight statistically significant score increases, indicating slowing, from baseline vs placebo in three CANTAB measures: five-choice reaction time (P = 0.028), pattern recognition memory mean correct latency (P = 0.027), and rapid visual information processing mean latency (P = 0.040). No other patterns related to topiramate treatment were observed in measurements of learning, memory, and visual information processing, except for potential improvement with topiramate 100 mg/day vs placebo in spatial span total errors (accuracy test) (P = 0.040). The most common cognitive and neuropsychiatric adverse events with a higher incidence in the topiramate 50 and 100 mg/day groups vs placebo were anorexia (9% and 11% vs 3%), insomnia (9% and 3% vs 3%), fatigue (6% and 9% vs 6%), and dizziness (6% and 9% vs 0%). Thus, topiramate 100 mg/day was associated with modest increases in psychomotor reaction times. Learning, memory, and executive function were unchanged. The tolerability profile, including cognitive adverse events, appeared to be acceptable.",
"Rate of AF is moderate in asymptomatic AS. Longstanding but not episodic AF was, independently predictive of increased risk of heart failure and non-hemorrhagic stroke. New-onset AF was associated with cardiac decompensation.",
"In MSP and GB, guideline-based therapy use was high. However, PCI use was markedly higher in MSP. Long-term survival was better among elderly men and women in MSP compared with GB possibly related to greater utilization of PCI.",
"The primary objective of this study was to compare the safety of four fixed-dose regimens of edoxaban with warfarin in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation (AF). In this 12-week, parallel-group, multicentre, multinational study, 1,146 patients with AF and risk of stroke were randomised to edoxaban 30 mg qd, 30 mg bid, 60 mg qd, or 60 mg bid or warfarin dose-adjusted to a target international normalised ratio of 2.0-3.0. The study was double-blind to edoxaban dose, but open-label to warfarin. Primary outcomes were occurrence of major and/or clinically relevant non-major bleeding and elevated hepatic enzymes and/or bilirubin. Mean age was 65 +/- 8.7 years and 64.4% were warfarin-naïve. Whereas major plus clinically relevant non-major bleeding occurred in 3.2% of patients randomised to warfarin, the incidence of bleeding was significantly higher with the edoxaban 60 mg bid (10.6%; p=0.002) and 30 mg bid regimens (7.8%; p=0.029), but not with the edoxaban 60 mg qd (3.8%) or 30 mg qd regimens (3.0%). For the same total daily dose of 60 mg, both bleeding frequency and trough edoxaban concentrations were higher in the 30-mg bid group than in the 60-mg qd group. There were no significant differences in hepatic enzyme elevations or bilirubin values among the groups. The safety profiles of edoxaban 30 and 60 mg qd in patients with AF were similar to warfarin. In contrast, the edoxaban bid regimens were associated with more bleeding than warfarin. These results suggest that in this three-month study, edoxaban 30 or 60 mg qd are safe and well-tolerated.",
"We investigated the effectiveness of thin-section computed tomography (CT) for the diagnosis of bullous lesions in patients with spontaneous pneumothorax. The study group consisted of 74 patients. Apical regions of the lung were scanned for lesions by thin-section CT prior to operation. The presence, number, and locations of bullous lesions were assessed. Bullous lesions were also classified into 2 groups according to their shape as demonstrated by CT findings. Operative findings confirmed that 73 of the 74 patients had bullous lesions. Of these, 33 had a single bulla and 40 had multiple bulla. Thin-section CT accurately detected the presence and location of the bullous lesions, accurately identified the number in all but 6 patients with multiple bulla (accuracy: 91.8%), and also classified them accurately by type. Precise evaluations of bullous lesions are crucial to the treatment of patients with spontaneous pneumothorax. The presence of bullous lesions, as well as their location and shape, are important factors in determining whether to operate or not. Such information also allows for a better understanding of the surgical options available. Our study demonstrated that thin-section CT of apical regions of the lung is an effective diagnostic procedure for patients with spontaneous pneumothorax.",
"This study derived and validated a multivariate regression model for daily warfarin dose requirements in Korean patients with atrial fibrillation. As no algorithm could be considered the best for all dosing ranges, it may be important to consider the characteristics or limitations of each dosing algorithm and the nature of a population in choosing the most appropriate pharmacogenetic dosing.",
"Gender differences exist in outcomes after percutaneous coronary intervention and coronary artery bypass graft surgery but have yet to be fully explored after transcatheter aortic valve implantation. We aimed to investigate gender differences after transcatheter aortic valve implantation in the UK National Institute for Cardiovascular Outcomes Research registry. A retrospective analysis was performed of Medtronic CoreValve and Edwards SAPIEN implantation in 1,627 patients (756 women) from January 2007 to December 2010. Men had more risk factors: poor left ventricular systolic function (11.9% vs 5.5%, p <0.001), 3-vessel disease (19.4% vs 9.2%, p <0.001), previous myocardial infarction (29.5% vs 13.0%, p <0.001), peripheral vascular disease (32.4% vs 23.3%, p <0.001), and higher logistic EuroSCORE (21.8 ± 14.2% vs 21.0 ± 13.4%, p = 0.046). Thirty-day mortality was 6.3% (confidence interval 4.3% to 7.9%) in women and 7.4% (5.6% to 9.2%) in men and at 1 year, 21.9% (18.7% to 25.1%) and 22.4% (19.4% to 25.4%), respectively. There was no mortality difference: p = 0.331 by log-rank test; hazard ratio for women 0.91 (0.75 to 1.10). Procedural success (96.6% in women vs 96.4% in men, p = 0.889) and 30-day cerebrovascular event rates (3.8% vs 3.7%, p = 0.962) did not differ. Women had more major vascular complications (7.5% vs 4.2%, p = 0.004) and less moderate or severe postprocedural aortic regurgitation (7.5% vs 12.5%, p = 0.001). In conclusion, despite a higher risk profile in men, there was no gender-related mortality difference; however, women had more major vascular complications and less postprocedural moderate or severe aortic regurgitation.",
"This study clearly highlights that diabetes and HIV are frequent in Guyanese TB patients. Routine screening of TB patients for diabetes and diabetic patients for TB should be speedily implemented. The National TB Programme should work closely with the diabetes clinics so that TB patients who are diabetics are optimally managed.",
"Biofeedback is an extremely costly and time-consuming treatment modality that, in our study, provided no additional benefit when compared to simple relaxation techniques alone, in the treatment of migraine and tension type headaches in adults.",
"Prospective, placebo-controlled, single-blind, randomized clinical investigation of the influence of domestic 3-hydroxypyridine and succinic acid derivatives (emoxipin, reamberin, mexidol) on the effectiveness of a complex treatment of primary open-angle glaucoma (POAG) has been performed in a group of patients. It is established that intravenous infusion of 3-hydroxypyridine derivatives (emoxipin and mexidol) for two weeks, beginning 14 days after the start of POAG treatment, produced a retinoprotective action, with three months postponed changes in the central retinal artery (CRA) blood velocity. The retinoprotective effect of emoxipin (single dose, 150 mg) was manifested by reduction in the horizontal size of blind spot in two weeks, with the subsequent reduction of the CRA end-diastolic blood velocity observed three months after finish of the infusion therapy. The administration of mexidol (single dose, 300 mg) after 14 days of treatment led to widening of the summarized field of vision (test-object square, 16 mm), accompanied by a decrease in the electrosensitivity threshold of the optic nerve and the intensity of POAG-associated hypothymia. All indices of CRA blood velocity increased three months after termination of mexidol infusions. Reamberin (single dose, 400 ml 1,5% solution of reamberine, containing polyelectrolyte and meglumine succinate mixture) did not show retinoprotective action, but caused proatherogenic changes of blood lipids and 3 months postponed CRA end-diastolic blood velocity increase. The effect of mexidol (which is a derivative of both 3- hydroxypyridine and succinic acid) exceeds that of separate 3-hydroxypyridine (emoxipin) and succinic acid (reamberin) derivatives in the degree of retinoprotection and positive effect on the optic nerve condition and mood of POAG patients.",
"Negative SP CMR indicates low risk for MACE. In patients with stress induced ischemia, MACE might occur even after myocardial revascularization. The presence of MI proved by LGE CMR is associated with a significantly increased risk for MACE.",
"Chronic catecholamine overproduction in pheochromocytoma may lead to a proinflammatory and hypermetabolic state characterized by increased REE. Adrenalectomy leads to the normalization of energy metabolism followed by an increase in body mass index and body fat content and decreases in inflammatory markers and cytokines.",
"We studied major histocompatibility complex (MHC) class I peptide-presentation and nature of the antigen-specific CD8+ T-cell response from South African tuberculosis (TB) patients with active TB. 361 MHC class I binding epitopes were identified from three immunogenic TB proteins (ESAT-6 [Rv3875], Ag85B [Rv1886c], and TB10.4 [Rv0288], including amino acid variations for Rv0288, i.e., A10T, G13D, S27N, and A71S for MHC allotypes common in a South African population (e.g., human leukocyte antigen [HLA]-A*30, B*58, and C*07). Inter-allelic differences were identified regarding the broadness of the peptide-binding capacity. Mapping of frequencies of Mycobacterium tuberculosis (M. tb) antigen-specific CD8+ T-cells using 48 different multimers, including the newly constructed recombinant MHC class I alleles HLA-B*58:01 and C*0701, revealed a low frequency of CD8+ T-cell responses directed against a broad panel of co-dominant M. tb epitopes in the peripheral circulation of most patients. The antigen-specific responses were dominated by CD8+ T-cells with a precursor-like phenotype (CD45RA+CCR7+). The data show that the CD8+ T-cell response from patients with pulmonary TB (prior to treatment) is directed against subdominant epitopes derived from secreted and non-secreted M. tb antigens and that variant, natural occurring M. tb Rv0288 ligands, have a profound impact on T-cell recognition.",
"Outcomes in patients with out-of-hospital cardiac arrest (CA) who undergo percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) have been limited to small, mostly single-center studies. We compared patients who underwent PCI after CA included in the CathPCI Registry with those without CA. Patients with ST elevation were classified as ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI); all other patients having PCI were classified as without STEMI. Patients with CA in each group were compared with the corresponding non-CA groups for baseline characteristics, angiographic findings, and outcomes. A total of 594,734 patients underwent PCI, of whom 114,768 had STEMI, including 9,375 (8.2%) had CA, and 479,966 had without STEMI, including 2,775 (0.6%) had CA. Patients with CA were similar in age to patients with non-CA, with a lower frequency of coronary disease risk factors and known coronary disease. On angiography, patients with CA were significantly more likely to have more complex lesions with worse baseline thrombolysis in myocardial infarction flow. Patients with CA were significantly more likely to have cardiogenic shock, both for patients with STEMI (51% vs 7.2%, respectively) and for patients without STEMI (38% vs 0.8%, respectively, both p<0.001). In-hospital mortality was substantially worse in patients with CA, for both patients with STEMI (24.9% vs 3.1%, respectively) and patients without STEMI (18.7% vs 0.4%, respectively). In conclusion, patients who underwent PCI after CA had more complex anatomy, more shock, and higher mortality. The substantially increased mortality in patients with CA has important implications for the development and regionalization of centers for CA.",
"Compared with patients from non-African sites, African patients being treated for TB had delayed sputum culture conversion and lower sputum conversion rates in liquid media that were not explained by baseline severity of disease, HIV status, age, smoking, diabetes or race. Further investigation is warranted into whether modest variation in laboratory processes substantially influences the efficacy outcomes of phase 2 TB treatment trials or if other factors (e.g., nutrition, host response) are involved.",
"Genetically confirmed LQT1 patients in this study cohort with C-loop mutations did not demonstrate the expected increase in QTc in response to exercise, or resultant response to beta-blocker. The apparent increased risk of cardiac events associated with C-loop mutation sites and the marked benefit received from beta-blocker therapy are not reflected by exercise-mediated effects on QTc in this study population.",
"Carvedilol in long term therapy of CHF with AF exerts substantial influence on adhesive function of endothelium and improves hemodynamics.",
"GEn did not significantly differ from placebo for migraine headache prophylaxis. A high placebo effect should be considered when interpreting these results.",
"The satisfactory diagnostic efficacy of free plasma metanephrines allows their use as a single screening test in cases of suspected pheochromocytoma in the population with a low pretest probability.",
"Migraine headache is common in women with chronic pelvic pain, regardless of endometriosis, and contributes to disability in those with both conditions. The strong association suggests a common pathophysiology.",
"A randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled, superiority clinical trial was designed to assess clinical efficacy of antazoline in rapid conversion of AF to sinus rhythm. Eligible patients will present AF lasting less than 43 hours, will be in stable cardio-pulmonary condition and will have no prior history of advanced heart failure or significant valvular disease. Long-term antiarrhythmic therapy is not considered an exclusion criterion. Subjects who fulfill selection criteria will be randomly assigned to receive intravenously either antazoline or placebo in divided doses and observed for 1.5 hours after conversion to sinus rhythm or after the last i.v. bolus. Primary end point will be the conversion of AF to sinus rhythm confirmed in an electrocardiogram (ECG) during the observation period. Secondary end points will be comprised of time to conversion and return of AF during the observation period. Special consideration will be given to the observation of any adverse events. A sample size of 80 patients was calculated based on the following assumptions: two-tailed test, a type I error of 0.01, a power of 90%, efficacy of placebo 5%, efficacy of antazoline 50% and 20% drop-out rate to fulfill the criteria of intention-to-treat analysis. Due to the presumed lack of statistical power, the secondary end points and safety endpoints will be considered exploratory.",
"Comprehensive International Program of Research on AIDS.",
"A substantial number of patients had risk factors for developing CHD and were not at goal for specific parameters. Larger scale epidemiological studies should be conducted to assess CHD risk in Puerto Rico so that public health initiatives to reduce this risk might be proposed.",
"Four patients with well-documented severe recurrent painful sickle cell crises received 12-month courses of self-administered minidose heparin (5000-7500 units every 12 hours). Patients were evaluated weekly or bi-weekly for symptoms and signs of sickle crises. The observations were compared with identical observations during 12 months off heparin (control). Prior to starting heparin, baseline laboratory values were established, including hematocrits, platelet counts, and plasma coagulation factors. Bone density was evaluated by radiologic measurement of metacarpal cortical width and by forearm transmission osteodensitometry. Laboratory values were repeated at each visit; bone density was reevaluated every 6 months. At each visit clinical status for the preceding 1-2 weeks was classified as: no pain (I), minor pain controllable by non-prescription medications (II), pain requiring office or emergency room admissions for parenteral narcotics (III), hospitalized for about 3 days for pain crisis (IV). One patient completed a single 2-year cycle; one patient completed 2 cycles (followed 4 years), and 2 patients have undertaken 3 cycles (followed greater than or equal to 6 years). No treatment-related complications occurred requiring discontinuation of heparin. Thrombocytopenia was not observed. There was no evidence of progressive osteopenia. All patients improved while receiving heparin; 1 moderately, 3 markedly. Cumulative data (8.7 patient years on heparin, 12 control years) revealed a 73% reduction in days of hospitalization per year and 74% reduction in hours spent in emergency rooms per year during heparin administration. Pretreatment pain patterns recurred when heparin was discontinued.",
"This study demonstrates that LVOT calcification and aggressive annular area oversizing are associated with an increased risk of aortic root rupture during TAVR with balloon-expandable prostheses. Larger studies are warranted to confirm these findings.",
"Off-label use did not increase rates of death and MI as compared with on-label use, but the number of off-label indications influenced outcomes at 5 years.",
"The disappointing efficacy of blood-stage malaria vaccines may be explained in part by allele-specific immune responses that are directed against polymorphic epitopes on blood-stage antigens. FMP2.1/AS02(A), a blood-stage candidate vaccine based on apical membrane antigen 1 (AMA1) from the 3D7 strain of Plasmodium falciparum, had allele-specific efficacy against clinical malaria in a phase II trial in Malian children. We assessed the cross-protective efficacy of the malaria vaccine and inferred which polymorphic amino acid positions in AMA1 were the targets of protective allele-specific immune responses. FMP2.1/AS02(A) had the highest efficacy against AMA1 alleles that were identical to the 3D7 vaccine-type allele at 8 highly polymorphic amino acid positions in the cluster 1 loop (c1L) but differed from 3D7 elsewhere in the molecule. Comparison of the incidence of vaccine-type alleles before and after vaccination in the malaria vaccine and control groups and examination of the patterns of allele change at polymorphic positions in consecutive malaria episodes suggest that the highly polymorphic amino acid position 197 in c1L was the most critical determinant of allele-specific efficacy. These results indicate that a multivalent AMA1 vaccine with broad efficacy could include only a limited set of key alleles of this extremely polymorphic antigen.",
"We retrospectively examined SpO2 during one-lung anesthesia (OLA). One hundred and fifty patients of ASA 1 or 2 for thoracoscopic surgery were anesthetized with propofol and fentanyl (n = 93) or pentazocine (n = 57) and mechanically ventilated with FIO2 = 0.6 in the lateral decubitus position. Twelve patients (8%) developed SpO2 < or = 95% in the first 20 minutes of OLA. It has been reported that hypoxemia during OLA occurs in 13-40% of patients under inhalation anesthesia with FIO2 = 1.0. Our results show the total intravenous anesthesia using propofol is useful to maintain SpO2 during OLA. SpO2 during OLA tended to fall in the patients for right side operation, with lower SpO2 during two-lung ventilation and higher body mass index (BMI). However BMI has never been reported as a predictor of hypoxemia during OLA. A gravity-dependent mechanism is considered to be more responsible for the dependent regional volume reduction during OLA in patients in the lateral decubitus position.",
"ISRCTN52966230.",
"Ivabradine is an effective treatment option to reduce HR and symptoms in patients with IST after RF ablation of atrioventricular node slow pathway. The therapy with ivabradine is well tolerated even with maximum daily dose.",
"Cold therapy has long been the number one self-care treatment employed for migraine without aura and the second most common for migraine with aura, yet its mechanism remains elusive. In this study, a mechanism by which this time-tested therapy works is proposed (by cooling the blood passing through intracranial vessels) in an attempt to further elucidate its beneficial effects. The study is designed as a randomized, controlled, crossover clinical trial utilizing an adjustable wrap containing two freezable ice packs targeting the carotid arteries at the neck, where they come close to the skin surface. Fifty-five participants successfully completed the study. Pain at onset, as recorded on a visual analog scale, was similar between the two treatment arms. Maximum pain reduction was observed at the 30 minute time point with a 31.8% ± 15.2% decrease in pain in the treatment arm compared to a 31.5% ± 20.0% increase in pain at the same time interval in the control arm. These findings confirm the application of a frozen neck wrap at onset of migraine headache targeting the carotid arteries at the neck significantly reduced recorded pain in participants with migraine headaches (P<.001).",
"3DSTE-derived "uni-dimensional" LS, RS, CS, as well as novel strain parameters (3DS, AS) are significantly reduced in patients with AF compared to matched controls. 3DS and AS might be new strain parameters providing further insights into the alterations of LA function in patients developing AF.",
"The diagnosis of systemic inflammatory response syndrome and the cumulative number of systemic inflammatory response syndrome criteria were independently associated with 90-day clinical outcomes in a population of patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction. The independent association of this simple composite measure of the inflammatory response with outcomes underscores the importance of the clinical inflammatory response in ST-elevation myocardial infarction.",
"Our long-term data confirm the findings of the MAGIC study. The LV function did not improve, but the long-term LV volumes in the high-dosage group were reduced. During the follow-up, there were also no additional arrhythmogenic incidences. Our data could imply that CABG in combination with ASM-Tx is safe and has beneficial therapeutic effects in the long-term. However, due to the small patient number, the clinical impact is limited.",
"The rate of absorption of gas from a pneumothorax was studied in 12 patients breathing air and in 10 patients breathing air and a high concentration of oxygen alternately. The mean rate of absorption while breathing air was the same in both groups of patients. In the second group the rate consistently increased during periods of oxygen therapy and decreased again on breathing air. The mean rate of absorption increased fourfold during periods of oxygen therapy. This increase was most pronounced in patients with a large pneumothorax.",
"Moderate intravenous (IV) sedation combined with local anesthesia is common for outpatient oral surgery procedures. An ideal sedative agent must be safe and well tolerated by patients and practitioners. This study evaluated fospropofol, a relatively new sedative/hypnotic, in comparison to midazolam, a commonly used benzodiazepine, for IV moderate sedation during oral and maxillofacial surgery. Sixty patients were randomly assigned to either the fospropofol or the midazolam group. Each participant received 1 μg/kg of fentanyl prior to administration of the selected sedative. Those in the fospropofol group received an initial dose of 6.5 mg/kg, with 1.6 mg/kg supplemental doses as needed. Those in the midazolam group received initial doses of 0.05 mg/kg, followed by 0.02 mg/kg supplemental doses. The quality of sedation in each patient was evaluated with regard to (a) onset of sedation, maintenance, and recovery profile; (b) patient and surgeon satisfaction; and (c) hemodynamic stability and adverse effects. The fospropofol group demonstrated shorter physical recovery times than midazolam patients, taking a mean of 11.6 minutes versus 18.4 minutes for physical recovery (P = .007). Cognitive recovery comparison did not find any difference with a mean of 7.5 minutes versus 8.8 minutes between the 2 drug groups (P = .123). The fospropofol group had a higher rate of local anesthetic injection recall (90.5 vs 44.4%, P = .004). Other parameters of recall were comparable. Two adverse effects demonstrated significance, with more patients in the midazolam group experiencing tachycardia (48.2 vs 9.4%, P = .001), and more patients in the fospropofol group experiencing perineal discomfort (40.6 vs 0, P < .001). No significant difference was found in any other measures of sedation safety, maintenance, or satisfaction. Fospropofol, when administered intravenously by a dentist anesthesiologist at the indicated dose in this study, appears to be a safe, well-tolerated alternative to midazolam for intravenous moderate sedation during minor oral surgery procedures.",
"When 123I-MIBG SPECT is used, the number of lesions detected is not increased, but there is a significant improvement in the certainty of interpretation over planar imaging.",
"Among patients with paroxysmal AF without previous antiarrhythmic drug treatment, radiofrequency ablation compared with antiarrhythmic drugs resulted in a lower rate of recurrent atrial tachyarrhythmias at 2 years. However, recurrence was frequent in both groups.",
"Nineteen cases (14 males and 5 females) had been operated with thoracoscopic surgery. Ten cases of spontaneous pneumothorax and 1 spontaneous hemopneumothorax had been underwent thoracoscopic bullous or bleb resections by Endo-GIA 30 or 60. Four cases of plural effusion including primary and secondary malignancies were performed to be pleurodesis by talc sclerosis. Among 4 cases of lung mass, 3 were operated by wedge resection. Lobectomy was performed by VATS in one case with primary lung cancer (T1N0). VATS were satisfactory by using the 3 small incisions giving the advantage of rapid and complete recovery without any obvious complications. Even no any secondary pneumonia. So far the VATS is not fully accepted in China due to the cost of the disposable instruments.",
"From November 1992 to March 1994, thirty five patients were performed using VATS in our hospital. The procedures included blebectomy with pleurodesis 14 cases; wedge resection 10 cases; malignant pleural effusion, pleural biopsy and pleurodesis 4 cases; pleural biopsy 3 cases; lung tumor biopsy 2 cases; lung biopsy 2 cases. Converted into thoracotomy 2 cases because of the tumors could not be resected thoracoscopically. No death and severe complication. The procedures were successful for diagnosis and treatment in our series. Compared with standard thoracotomy, the operative trauma, postoperative pain, drainage volume, tube time, postoperative hospitalization were remarkably less in this group (P < 0.05).",
"In the present study, a 6-week treatment with LT or BT was equally effective in reducing IOP. In addition, none of the administered drugs induced a significant effect on ocular blood flow parameters.",
"Presentation rate had little effect, but increasing the tested density from 24 to 44 regions/field improved diagnostic power. Given that multifocal pupillographic objective perimetry also provides information on response delay and afferent versus efferent defects at every visual field region, it may be a useful adjunct to perimetry.",
"In asymptomatic patients with mild to moderate Aortic valve stenosis (AS), LA volume was not predictive of the combined endpoint of Aortic valve replacement, development of heart failure or cardiac death. AVA and presence of LV hypertrophy were the only predictors of events in multivariate analysis.",
"Localized RNFLDs showed a strong association with previous or acute cerebrovascular stroke and vice versa after adjustment for other systemic and ocular factors. Localized RNFLDs that can be assessed by noninvasive optical coherence tomographic imaging may be added to the panoply of retinal morphological features of stroke.",
"A+L and DHA+PQ are highly cost-effective regimens for the treatment of paediatric P. falciparum and P. vivax malaria, respectively, in parts of Papua New Guinea. Future research will be required to determine if these findings hold true for other territories in Asia and Oceania with similar malaria epidemiology.",
"Non-tuberculous mycobacterial isolates from gold miners were speciated using standard biochemical testing (SBT) and 16S rDNA sequencing. Of 237 isolates tested, SBT identified 126, compared with all 237 identified using sequencing. Of 111 isolates unspeciated by SBT but identified by sequencing, 38 (34.2%) were identified as Mycobacterium gordonae and 8 (7.2%) were new species. Of 126 isolates speciated by both methods, 37 were discordant, with 14/17 M. gordonae isolates incorrectly identified as M. scrofulaceum using SBT. The majority of these were the potentially pathogenic strain D, M. gordonae. Sequencing is preferable where available to guide treatment.",
"Our results suggest that increasing the frequency of SP administration during pregnancy improves the efficacy against malaria at delivery among HIV-negative women, as well as a population consisting of both HIV-positive and -negative pregnant women of all gravidities, in a setting of relatively low but holoendemic malaria transmission, frequent use of bed nets and high SP resistance.",
"The polymerase chain reaction-adjusted day 28 and 42 treatment efficacies were 162 (97%) of 168 and 155 (97%) of 161, respectively, for artemether-lumefantrine and 150 (95%) of 158 and 138 (94%) of 148, respectively, for chloroquine. When parasites with resistance-associated pfcrt 76T were treated, the day 28 efficacy of chloroquine was 87%. No severe drug-related adverse events were detected. Symptom resolution was similar with both treatments.",
"ICD therapy reduced cardiac mortality and sudden death presumed to be ventricular tachyarrhythmic in SCD-HeFT and had no effect on heart failure mortality. Amiodarone had no effect on all-cause mortality or its cause-specific components, except an increase in non-cardiac mortality in class III patients. [corrected]",
"Retrospective studies suggest that statins might exert an antiarrhythmic effect on the heart. The mechanism of this effect is unclear. Parasympathetic stimulation of the heart has been shown to protect against ventricular arrhythmias. The goal of this study was to determine the effect of statins on ventricular arrhythmias and its correlation with changes in parasympathetic responsiveness and Galpha(i2) expression. Patients were randomized to pravastatin and simvastatin in a double-blind crossover design. Ventricular arrhythmias were determined by analysis of 24-hour Holter recordings. Spectral RR interval analysis of Holter studies determined peak high-frequency power fraction, which reflects parasympathetic modulation of heart rate. Expression of Galpha(i2), a molecular component of the parasympathetic response pathway, was determined by Western blots of patients' lymphocytes. Pravastatin treatment decreased the incidence of ventricular premature complexes by 22.5 + or - 3.4% (n = 20, p <0.05), couplets, and runs of 3 to 6 beats of nonsustained ventricular tachycardia from 9.8 + or - 2.67 to 3.9 + or - 1.25 events/patient/24 hours (n = 12, p <0.05). Pravastatin increased peak high-frequency fraction by 29.8 + or - 4.3% (n = 33, p <0.001), while Galpha(i2) expression increased by 51.3 + or - 22.5% (n = 21, p <0.05). Effects of simvastatin on ventricular premature complexes and nonsustained ventricular tachycardia were not significant. Relative changes in couplets and nonsustained ventricular tachycardia in pravastatin-treated patients correlated negatively with changes in Galpha(i2) and high-frequency fraction (rho = -0.588 and rho = -0.763, respectively, n = 12, p <0.05). In conclusion, these data suggest that pravastatin might decrease cardiac irritability via an increase in parasympathetic responsiveness and that changes in Galpha(i2) expression might serve as a molecular marker for this effect, which might play a role in the molecular mechanism of the antiarrhythmic effect of statins.",
"The aim of this prospective, non-randomized interventional study was to assess electrophysiological effects, efficacy and safety of intravenous propafenone in termination of atrioventricular nodal reentrant tachycardia (AVNRT) and orthodromic atrioventricular reentrant tachycardia (AVRT). This single-center study was carried out at Department of Cardiology, Sestre milosrdnice University Hospital in Zagreb, Croatia, between January 1, 2005 and December 31, 2006. Eligibility requirements were fulfilled by a total of 70 patients with AVNRT (n=37) and AVRT (n=33). The intervention consisted of the electrophysiological study aimed at inducing tachycardia, followed by intravenous administration of 2 mg/kg propafenone in both groups. The main outcome measures were safety and efficacy of 2 mg/kg intravenous propafenone in tachycardia termination and re-induction. Out of 37 patients with AVNRT, propafenone managed to terminate it in 28 (75.7%) patients, while tachycardia was not inducible in 25 (67.56%) patients. Out of 33 patients with AVRT, propafenone managed to terminate AVRT in 29 (87.9%) patients, while tachycardia was not inducible in 22 (66.66%) patients. The overall propafenone efficacy in tachycardia termination was 81.42%. No propafenone-related adverse effects were recorded during the study period. Propafenone was found to be a safe and effective anti-arrhythmic drug and can be justifiably administered for AVNRT and AVRT termination. It could be considered as an alternative to adenosine and verapamil.",
"Pain perception studies in migraine patients have shown trigeminal and peripheral pain facilitation during the migraine attack. We were interested in differences of trigeminal and peripheral pain perception between migraine patients during the migraine interval and healthy subjects. Perception of electrical pain stimulation was measured in 20 migraine subjects outside a migraine attack (10 migraine with aura and 10 migraine without aura) and in 20 healthy subjects. We recorded sensory and pain thresholds, pain ratings after suprathreshold stimulation, and pain rating after two trains of repetitive stimulation (i.e., pain facilitation). Migraine subjects showed a significantly higher pain rating after suprathreshold stimulation in the trigeminal region as compared to healthy subjects (4.8 +/- 1.6 versus 3.8 +/- 2.2, p < 0.04 after Bonferroni correction) but not in the peripheral region. Furthermore, migraine subjects showed a pain facilitation after repetitive trigeminal stimulation whereas healthy subjects showed a pain habituation. We observed no significant differences between migraine subjects and healthy subjects for all parameters in the peripheral stimulation. Migraine patients with and without aura did not differ in any parameter. All subjects showed decreased sensory and pain thresholds after trigeminal as compared to peripheral stimulation. Migraine subjects show an increased pain perception after trigeminal but not after peripheral pain stimulation as compared to healthy subjects. This phenomenon is probably due to the observed pain facilitation after painful trigeminal stimulation.",
"A randomized trial of surfactant replacement therapy at birth was conducted at the University of Rochester between June 1983 and November 1985. Thirty-four premature infants, 25 to 29 weeks' gestational age, received a preventilatory dose of a calf lung surfactant extract in saline prepared at the University of Rochester. A control group of 31 infants received a preventilatory dose of saline alone. The major finding of this trial is that a single preventilatory dose of calf lung surfactant extract reduces the severity of the respiratory distress syndrome during the first 24 hours of life. The beneficial effects, however, are not sustained in many infants and diminish after 24 hours of life. The survival rate was 71% in both the control and surfactant-treated groups. There was a lower incidence of pneumothorax in the surfactant-treated group. There were no differences in the incidence of bronchopulmonary dysplasia, patent ductus arteriosus, and intraventricular hemorrhage. No adverse effects of surfactant replacement therapy were identified. Results of this study suggest that multiple postventilatory doses of surfactant will be required for optimal therapy.",
"Postoperative atrial fibrillation (POAF) is common after cardiac surgery and is associated with increased morbidity, mortality, and prolonged hospital stay. Speckle tracking echocardiography (STE) has been applied recently for evaluation of LA function. The purpose of this study was to examine whether left atrial longitudinal strain measured by STE is a predictor for the development of POAF following mitral valve surgery for severe mitral regurgitation. We studied 53 patients undergoing mitral valve surgery in sinus rhythm at the time of surgery. Echocardiography with evaluation of LA strain by STE was performed. Detection of POAF was based on documentation of AF episodes by continuous telemetry throughout hospitalization. Patients who did not develop POAF were taken as group 1 and those who had POAF constituted group 2. The echocardiographic and clinical predictors of POAF were investigated. POAF occurred in 28.3% of subjects. Mean age, LAVi and BNP were found higher in group 2 while peak atrial longitudinal strain (PALS) (13.9 ± 3.8% vs. 24.8 ± 7.3%; P < 0.001), peak atrial contraction strain (PACS) (7.6 ± 1.95% vs. 11.3 ± 3.5%; P < 0.001) were significantly lower. By multivariate logistic regression analysis, PALS and LAVi were independent predictor of POAF development. LA longitudinal strain was found to predict POAF in patients undergoing mitral valve surgery. It could be used to better identify patients at greater risk of developing POAF, and thus to guide in risk stratification and to take appropriate intensive prophylactic therapy.",
"During the H1N1 influenza pandemic (pH1N1/09) diagnostic algorithms were developed to guide antiviral provision. However febrile illnesses are notoriously difficult to distinguish clinically. Recent evidence highlights the importance of incorporating travel history into diagnostic algorithms to prevent the catastrophic misdiagnosis of life-threatening infections such as malaria. We applied retrospectively the UK pH1N1/09 case definition to a unique cohort of healthy adult volunteers exposed to Plasmodium falciparum malaria or influenza to assess the predictive value of this case definition, and to explore the distinguishing clinical features of early phase infection with these pathogens under experimental conditions. For influenza exposure the positive predictive value of the pH1N1/09 case definition was only 0.38 (95% CI: 0.06-0.60), with a negative predictive value of 0.27 (95% CI: 0.02-0.51). Interestingly, 8/11 symptomatic malaria-infected adults would have been inappropriately classified with influenza by the pH1N1/09 case definition, while 5/8 symptomatic influenza-exposed volunteers would have been classified without influenza (P = 0.18 Fisher's exact). Cough (P = 0.005) and nasal symptoms (P = 0.001) were the only clinical features that distinguished influenza-exposed from malaria-exposed volunteers. An open mind regarding the clinical cause of undifferentiated febrile illness, particularly in the absence of upper respiratory tract symptoms, remains important even during influenza pandemic settings. These data support incorporating travel history into pandemic algorithms.",
"Spontaneous breathing during mechanical ventilation in newborn infants may damage the lung. To find out whether the prevalence of lesions which might be due to trauma was reduced by muscle relaxation, fifty infants who required mechanical ventilation of hyaline membrane disease were randomly assigned to treated and control groups. The treated infants were kept muscle relaxed with pancuronium bromide until they needed a FiO2 of 0.40 or less during ventilation. The mean birthweight, gestational age, age at entry to the trial, duration of intubation and ventilation, FiO2 during the acute phase of the illness, and ventilator pressures were closely comparable in the two groups. Two of twenty-six treated infants and one of twenty-four controls died. Four treated and five control infants acquired pneumothoraces and/or interstitial emphysema. The length of time that the treated infants required added oxygen was significantly less than in the control infants. All treated infants were breathing room air spontaneously by one month of age whereas seven control infants were still dependent on added oxygen, needing an average FiO2 of 0.35 to achieve a mean PaO2 of 6.5 kPa (49 mm Hg). These seven infants required added oxygen until they were 5-18 (mean 10) weeks old. Muscle relaxation during mechanical ventilation for hyaline membrane disease speeds recovery of the lungs, probably owing to a reduction in traumatic damage.",
"The dose to the heart and lung tissue is significantly increased when WLI and abdominal RT fields are administered sequentially. While omission of WLI may be beneficial for patients achieving good response to induction chemotherapy, the less favorable response group may be subjected to increased risk of cardiac and pulmonary toxicities from sequential WLI.",
"Neither timolol or evening-dosed LTFC reduced SBP, DBP, MBP, OPP, or increased nocturnal dipping. LTFC was more effective than timolol in decreasing IOP.",
"Both 30 µg as well as 100 µg intramuscular GMZ2 are immunogenic, well tolerated, and safe in young, malaria-exposed Gabonese children. This result confirms previous findings in naïve and malaria-exposed adults and supports further clinical development of GMZ2.",
"Allopurinol causes regression of LVM in patients with T2DM and LVH. Regression of LVH has been shown previously to improve CV mortality and morbidity. Therefore, allopurinol therapy may become useful to reduce CV events in T2DM patients with LVH. (Allopurinol in Patients with Diabetes and LVH; UKCRN 8766).",
"Verapamil is highly effective against catecholamine-induced arrhythmia in mice with CASQ2 mutations and may potentiate the antiarrhythmic activity of β-blockers in humans with CPVT2.",
"null",
"This pharmacogenetic substudy of the prospective, double-blind, randomized CIBIS-ELD trial determined the impact of the β1-adrenoceptor Arg189Gly polymorphism on heart-rate responses to bisoprolol or carvedilol in elderly patients with heart failure (421 with sinus rhythm, 107 with atrial fibrillation). Patients were randomized 1:1 to bisoprolol or carvedilol with a fortnightly dose-doubling scheme and guideline target doses. Patients with sinus rhythm responded essentially identically to bisoprolol and carvedilol, independent of genotype. Atrial fibrillation patients homozygous for Arg389 had a much smaller response to carvedilol than carriers of at least one Gly389 allele (mean difference 12 bpm, P < 0.00001). Carvedilol up to 2 × 12.5 mg did not reduce heart rate in Arg389Arg homozygotes at all. Interestingly, the immediate response to carvedilol did not differ between genotypes. The Arg389Gly polymorphism has a major impact on the heart-rate response to carvedilol (but not bisoprolol) in patients with heart failure plus atrial fibrillation.",
"Primary headaches (migraines and tension-types headaches) are very common in school-aged children. Ginkgolide B, a herbal constituent extract from Ginkgo biloba tree leaves, was considered as a promising pharmacological aid for the treatment of migraine in adult patients because of its modulation of the glutamatergic transmission in the CNS and on antiplatelet activating factor (PAF). The aim of study is to verify the effectiveness and safety of association of Ginkgolide B/Coenzyme Q10/Riboflavin/Magnesium complex for brief prophylaxis in a population of school-aged children with migraine. In our sample after 3 months of treatment with association of Ginkgolide B/Coenzyme Q10/Riboflavin/Magnesium complex, the mean frequency per month of migraine was significantly decreased (9.71 ± 4.33 vs. 4.53 ± 3.96 attacks; p < 0.001). Our findings suggest that in childhood headache management, the use of alternative treatments must be considered not to evoke a placebo effect, but as soft therapy without adverse reactions.",
"Plasma norepinephrine and epinephrine levels were measured before and after glucagon administration in 28 patients suspected of having a pheochromocytoma: three patients were subsequently found to have tumors. The norepinephrine response predicted the presence or absence of a tumor in 27 of the 28 patients. Epinephrine levels doubled, on the average, in patients who did not have pheochromocytomas, and were not useful in distinguishing the patients with or without tumors. A comparison of the response to glucagon and a placebo indicated that changes in plasma catecholamine levels were hormone-related and not the result of side-effects accompanying injection. The glucagon provocation test, with measurement of plasma norepinephrine and epinephrine levels, may be a useful adjunctive tool for evaluating patients suspected of having a pheochromocytoma when performed according to a standardized protocol and interpreted in relation to appropriate controls.",
"The purpose of this study was to determine the age-related risks, disease-specific risks, and characteristics of serious pneumococcal infections in children with sickle cell disease (SCD) while penicillin prophylaxis was standard. The clinical experiences of three pediatric sickle cell programs spanning January 1, 1992, to May 31, 1998, were combined. Data were collected regarding the patients followed up and the characteristics of bacteremia and meningitis cases. Forty-seven pneumococcal infections (44 bacteremia, 3 meningitis) among 40 patients with SCD were observed. Forty infections occurred in children with homozygous hemoglobin S (SS) during 4108 patient-years at a median age of 22 months; 7 occurred in double heterozygous hemoglobin SC (SC) children during 1777 patient-years at a median age of 23 months. Ten infections occurred among 9 SS children 5 years or older. Most children in whom infections developed were reportedly taking prophylactic penicillin and when older than 24 months old had received Pneumovax (Merck & Co., Inc., West Point, PA, U.S.A. The following pneumococcal serotypes were identified in 15 cases studied: 6A, 6B, 9V, 14, 15B, 18B, 18F, 19F, and 23F. Infections resulted in five deaths and two strokes. The observed severe pneumococcal infection rate in SS children younger than 5 years was less than that reported before penicillin prophylaxis, supporting routine penicillin prophylaxis in this specific population. The optimal duration of penicillin prophylaxis in older children with SCD remains unknown. The administration of 7-valent Prevnar (Wyeth Lederle Vaccines, Philadelphia, PA, U.S.A.) to children younger than 24 months old with SCD should be beneficial, based on the serotype data.",
"The door-to-balloon times are significantly longer for those with an isolated PMI resulting in fewer patients receiving reperfusion within the guideline recommended time period. Ongoing educational initiatives to increase recognition of a PMI are needed to improve the reperfusion times and outcomes associated with this condition.",
"International guidelines do not specify what testing should be performed during emergency department (ED) evaluations for patients presenting with an exacerbation of previously diagnosed atrial fibrillation (AF). We hypothesized that low CHADS2 and CHA2DS2-VASc scores predict normal routine diagnostic testing in these patients. We conducted an analysis within a prospective observational cohort study at a university-affiliated hospital. We included patients with previously diagnosed AF and who presented to the ED primarily for an AF-related complaint. Logistic regression was used to analyze the association between CHADS2 and CHA2DS2-VASc scores and abnormal results for blood counts, electrolytes, cardiac markers, thyroid function, and chest x-rays. We included 216 patients in this analysis. The odds ratios (95% confidence interval) for each point increase in CHADS2 for abnormal blood counts, electrolytes, troponin I, brain natriuretic peptide, thyroid function, and chest x-ray were 1.28 (0.99 to 1.65), 1.48 (1.19 to 1.84), 1.42 (1.10 to 1.82), 1.66 (1.15 to 2.41), 0.95 (0.70 to 1.29), and 1.17 (0.94 to 1.44), respectively. The corresponding odds ratios (95% confidence interval) for each point increase in CHA2DS2-VASc were 1.17 (0.96 to 1.42), 1.27 (1.09 to 1.49), 1.30 (1.07 to 1.57), 1.57 (1.18 to 2.10), 0.98 (0.79 to 1.22), and 1.14 (0.97 to 1.33), respectively. Among ED patients with established AF who underwent evaluation for acutely symptomatic AF, nearly 3/4 of routine diagnostic tests return to normal. In conclusion, patients with CHADS2 or CHA2DS2-VASc score of 0 have the lowest likelihood of abnormal studies and may represent an easily identifiable group of patients who need fewer ED tests.",
"We confirmed the FAIM2-rs7138803 relationship with obesity and identified novel and consistent associations with heart rate in particular in type 2 diabetic subjects. Furthermore, our results suggest a possible association of this polymorphism with higher myocardial infarction risk in type-2 diabetic subjects, although this result needs to be replicated as it could represent a false positive.",
"The author(s) have no proprietary or commercial interest in any materials discussed in this article.",
"A strong association was found between VD insufficiency and the SCF phenomenon. In addition, VD insufficiency was associated with endothelial dysfunction and subclinical atherosclerosis. We believe that further studies are required to clarify the role of VD in patients with SCF.",
"Empirical use of fluoroquinolones (FQ) to treat a variety of bacterial infections may inadvertently select for FQ-resistant strains of Mycobacterium tuberculosis(MTB), especially in rural China where the use of FQ in treating infections has not been standardized. Here we determine the prevalence and describe the transmission of FQ-resistant MTB in two rural counties in eastern China through a combination of conventional epidemiology with IS6110-based restriction fragment length polymorphism(RFLP) analysis and DNA sequencing of drug-resistance determining regions. Phenotypic FQ resistance was detected in 31 of 351(8.8%) isolates. FQ resistance was equally distributed between patient-isolates deemed drug resistant and drug-susceptible, but mostly observed in those with treatment history of respiratory infection. Mutations in gyrA were found in 54.8% of FQ resistant isolates, and one isolate with a gyrB mutation. Despite predominating in entire bacilli population(69.2%), Beijing family strain had similar proportion of FQ resistance to the other(10.3% vs. 4.7%, p = 0.060). IS6110RFLP identified 2 clusters(4 isolates) among FQ resistant isolates and 3 clusters composed of both 4 FQ resistant isolates and 6 FQ susceptible isolates. Our results indicate that FQ-resistant MTB has emerged among the circulating bacillary population in rural eastern China. The relatively low level of clustering among FQ-resistant strains suggests most are acquired de novo, likely due to widespread FQ use.",
"The use of adjunctive medications to control intraocular pressure was significantly higher for latanoprost patients compared to travoprost and bimatoprost patients. This finding should be interpreted in the context that this study was based only on prescription claims data. It is important to simplify ophthalmic medical regimen as it is more cost effective, better for the patient, and minimizes the washout effect from administering two eye medications within 5 min. Decreasing the complexity of the patients' drug regimen may lead to increased adherence to prescribed therapy and a decreased risk of the incidence of blindness.",
"null",
"The extent of LV scar tissue is inversely related to acute pump function improvement during CRT. Pacing at the location of (transmural) scar tissue at any site of the LV will generally deteriorate LV pump function. Placing the LV lead over viable myocardium significantly improves pump function as compared with pacing at the location of scar tissue in patients with ischemic cardiomyopathy.",
"In a malaria-endemic setting in which insecticide-treated bed nets were provided and appropriate malaria treatment was available, daily use of a MNP with iron did not result in an increased incidence of malaria among young children.",
"Compared with ST elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI), long-term outcomes are known to be worse in patients with unstable angina/non-STEMI (UA/NSTEMI), which might be related to the worse health status of patients with UA/STEMI. In patients with UA/NSTEMI and STEMI underwent percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI), angina-specific and general health-related quality-of-life (HRQOL) was investigated at baseline and at 30 days after PCI. Patients with UA/NSTEMI were older and had higher frequencies in female, diabetes and hypertension. After PCI, both angina-specific and general HRQOL scores were improved, but improvement was much more frequent in angina-related HRQOL of patients with UA/NSTEMI than those with STEMI (44.2% vs 36.8%, P < 0.001). Improvement was less common in general HRQOL. At 30-days after PCI, angina-specific HRQOL of the patients with UA/NSTEMI was comparable to those with STEMI (56.1 ± 18.6 vs 56.6 ± 18.7, P = 0.521), but general HRQOL was significantly lower (0.86 ± 0.21 vs 0.89 ± 0.17, P = 0.001) after adjusting baseline characteristics (P < 0.001). In conclusion, the general health status of those with UA/NSTEMI was not good even after optimal PCI. In addition to angina-specific therapy, comprehensive supportive care would be needed to improve the general health status of acute coronary syndrome survivors.",
"null",
"Substituting brinzolamide for dorzolamide maintained stable IOP with improvement in ocular comfort in patients with glaucoma.",
"EVOLVE recruited 291 patients from 29 centres. At six months, IVUS-assessed in-stent net volume obstruction was 3.40 ± 5.06% for PROMUS Element (PE) vs. 2.68 ± 4.60% for SYNERGY (p=0.34) and 3.09 ± 4.29% for SYNERGY ½ dose (p=0.68 vs. PE). There were no significant differences between groups for any other measured IVUS parameter including resolved, persistent, and late-acquired incomplete stent apposition (ISA). At two years, target lesion failure (TLF) was 6.1% for PE vs. 5.5% for SYNERGY (p=0.87) and 5.2% for SYNERGY ½ dose (p=0.81). There were no significant differences between groups for cardiac death, repeat revascularisation, MI or stent thrombosis through two years.",
"Acute changes in late systolic aortic pressure augmentation do not necessarily lead to improved systolic or diastolic function in older people. Preload may be a more important determinant of cardiac performance than afterload in older people with compensated ventricular function. The potential for changes in preload to impair rather than enhance left ventricular systolic and diastolic function in older people warrants further study.",
"Intensive cholesterol lowering significantly reduced inflammation and was accompanied by reduced thrombin generation. Larger clinical studies should determine which inflammatory markers are most specific and sensitive for estimating the inflammatory burden in these patients and at which corresponding thrombin activity level it is beneficial and safe to add intensive cholesterol lowering therapy even if normal cholesterol levels are present.",
"Twenty-three patients with primary spontaneous pneumothorax and 30 patients with secondary spontaneous pneumothorax treated by intercostal catheter drainage with underwater seal were divided randomly into two groups, one receiving suction drainage (up to 20 cm H2O pressure) and the other no suction. The success rate was 57% for the former and 50% for the latter. The suction group spent an average of five days in hospital, whereas the non-suction group averaged four days. Suction drainage therefore did not have any advantage. To determine how soon the catheter could be removed without complication, patients were also divided randomly into two subgroups--one had the catheter removed, without previous clamping, as soon as the lung was expanded; the other had the catheters left in situ for a further three days. The success rate was 52% for the former, and 53% for the latter. But most of the failure in the early removal group was caused by re-collapse of the lung rather than persistent air leakage; hence removal of the catheter too early was not recommended.",
"It was established that the sensitivity of Mycobacterium tuberculosis by the NRA and Hain LPA in TB/HIV co-infected patients has acceptable correlation and that HIV infection does not affect drug susceptibility testing.",
"In this randomized controlled trial, ABC does not appear to prevent radiation-induced cardiac perfusion deficits.",
"The timolol-dorzolamide combination increases the end diastolic velocity in central retinal artery, despite a lower intraocular pressure decrease, suggesting an effect on retinal circulation.",
"Under a single direct observation, patients experienced in the use of topical ocular hypotensive agents performed relatively poorly when instilling a single eyedrop into the eye without touching the bottle tip to the eye or the ocular adnexae.",
"Brinzolamide 1%/timolol 05% is superior in IOP-lowering efficacy to either brinzolamide 1% or timolol 0.5%.",
"Thirty-day survival rates for patients with PCCS, refractory to aggressive conventional treatment and treated with the Impella 5.0 device, are comparable to those reported in studies evaluating surgically implantable VADs, whereas the Impella system is much less invasive. Therefore, mechanical circulatory support with the Impella 5.0 device is a suitable treatment modality for patients with severe PCCS.",
"The patients were followed for 2.0 to 4.75 years, for a total of 8730 patient-years of follow-up. The time to the first primary event was not significantly longer in the self-testing group than in the clinic-testing group (hazard ratio, 0.88; 95% confidence interval, 0.75 to 1.04; P=0.14). The two groups had similar rates of clinical outcomes except that the self-testing group reported more minor bleeding episodes. Over the entire follow-up period, the self-testing group had a small but significant improvement in the percentage of time during which the INR was within the target range (absolute difference between groups, 3.8 percentage points; P<0.001). At 2 years of follow-up, the self-testing group also had a small but significant improvement in patient satisfaction with anticoagulation therapy (P=0.002) and quality of life (P<0.001).",
"Sutureless implantation of the Perceval valve is associated with shorter cross-clamp and cardiopulmonary bypass times, resulting in improved clinical outcome. In addition, it compares favorably with conventional valves in terms of mortality and outcome variables.",
"Planners of malaria radio interventions need to broadcast their messages within the two peak EAT of 12.00-14.00 and 18.00-23.00.",
"It was more feasible to implement parasite-based diagnosis for malaria using RDT than with microscopy. A high proportion of patients with negative malaria results are still prescribed anti-malarials. There is need to increase access to parasite-based diagnosis where microscopy is used. In order to fully harness the benefits of parasitological confirmation of malaria, it is necessary to reduce the prescription of anti-malarials in negative patients.",
"The article presents last decade data concerning the level of tuberculosis in population of region, risk factors related to morbidity of tuberculosis in different groups of population. The activities of prevention of tuberculosis are discussed.",
"Ischemic postconditioning did not improve myocardial reperfusion in patients with ST-segment-elevation myocardial infarction undergoing primary PCI with current standard practice.",
"Glyburide did not affect the pharmacokinetics of topiramate. Co-administration of topiramate decreased systemic exposure of glyburide and its active metabolites; combined treatment may require dosing adjustments of glyburide as per clinical judgment and glycemic control.",
"There is no significant prolongation of the QT/QTc interval with brentuximab vedotin in patients with CD30-positive hematologic malignancies.",
"Although overall occurrence of complications remained unchanged, the educational health care package specifically developed for Taiwanese elderly with Type 2 DM improved blood glucose levels.",
"In the phase I/II pediatric hydroxyurea safety trial (HUG-KIDS), school-aged children with sickle cell anemia receiving hydroxyurea at the maximally tolerated dose (MTD) had variable increases in the percentage of fetal hemoglobin (%HbF). To identify predictors of the HbF response to hydroxyurea therapy, baseline clinical and laboratory values (age, sex, hemoglobin concentration, %HbF, reticulocytes, white blood cell [WBC], platelets, and serum chemistries), as well as treatment variables (number of toxicities, noncompliance, MTD dose, and MTD blood counts) were analyzed in 53 HUG-KIDS children who achieved MTD. Baseline %HbF values (P =.001), baseline hemoglobin concentration (P =.01), MTD dose (P =.02), and compliance (P =.02) were significantly associated with a higher %HbF at MTD; in contrast, age, sex, number of toxicities, and other baseline hematologic parameters were not. After adjusting for variations in baseline %HbF, the baseline reticulocyte count (P =.05) and baseline WBC count (P =.05) were also significantly associated with a higher %HbF at MTD. Hydroxyurea-induced increases in the hemoglobin concentration and mean corpuscular volume (both higher absolute values at MTD and larger positive changes from baseline values), as well as hydroxyurea-induced decreases in reticulocytes and WBC count, were significantly associated with a higher %HbF at MTD. These data suggest that selected baseline laboratory parameters, a higher MTD dose with attention to compliance, and greater therapy-related changes in blood counts may predict the HbF response to hydroxyurea therapy for children with sickle cell anemia. The HbF response to hydroxyurea is variable and complex, however, and even children with low baseline %HbF values can develop substantial increases in %HbF at MTD.",
"In patients with T2DM receiving integrated care, peer support did not improve cardiometabolic risks or psychological well-being.",
"Despite consistent evidence of a protective effect of α(+)-thalassemia against severe Plasmodium falciparum disease, the mechanisms underlying this protection remain unknown. An increase in risk of Plasmodium vivax malaria in early childhood resulting in a cross-species protection against severe P. falciparum malaria has been proposed as a possible mechanism in Melanesian children. The association of α(+)-thalassemia genotypes with a risk of P. falciparum and P. vivax infection and uncomplicated illness was reassessed in a cohort of 1,112 Papua New Guinean children, followed from 3 to 21 months of age. Three hundred and eighty-nine (35.0%) children were homozygous for α(+)-thalassemia (-α/-α), 506 (45.5%) heterozygous (αα/-α) and 217 (19.5%) homozygous for the wild-type allele. No significant differences in the incidence of P. falciparum (Pf) or P. vivax (Pv) malaria were observed between α(+)-thalassemia homozygote (Pf: incidence rate ratio (IRR)=1.13, CI(95) (0.82, 1.56), P=0.45, Pv: IRR=1.15, CI(95) (0.88, 1.50), P=0.31), heterozygote (Pf: IRR=0.98, CI(95) (0.71, 1.34), P=0.93, Pv: IRR=1.14, CI(95) (0.88, 1.48), P=0.33) and wild-type children. The prevalence of infection with either species did not differ between α(+)-thalassemia genotypes, although densities of P. vivax (but not of P. falciparum) infections were significantly higher in α(+)-thalassemia homozygote and heterozygote children. An excessive risk of moderate-to-severe anemia (Hb<8 g/dl) was observed in α(+)-thalassemia homozygote children (IRR=1.54, CI(95) (1.12, 2.11), P=0.008). This study therefore failed to confirm an increased risk of P. vivax or P. falciparum malaria in very young, α(+)-thalassemic children without significant levels of acquired immunity. This confirms the lack of protection by α(+)-thalassemia against uncomplicated P. falciparum and challenges the hypothesis of immunological cross-protection between P. falciparum and P. vivax as a mechanism underlying α(+)-thalassemia protection against severe P. falciparum disease in Melanesian children.",
"The results of this subgroup analysis confirm that the fixed combination of ASA (250 mg), paracetamol (200 mg), and caffeine (50 mg) is effective and well tolerated in a broad spectrum from mild to severe migraine and tension-type headache severity independently of the headache diagnosis.",
"In primary percutaneous coronary intervention with a loading dose of 600 mg clopidogrel, it seems safe and cost-saving to give abciximab bolus with optional infusion.",
"There was no marked difference in efficacy of metformin and insulin in controlling diabetes in pregnant patients in two groups.",
"null",
"Sickle-cell disease (SCD) patients are at high risk of developing malaria which is a major contributor to morbidity and mortality in this disease. In Senegal, malaria transmission is high during rainy season, between July and October, and it was noted that sickle-cell crisis are frequent during this period. Then we carried out a double-blind randomized controlled trial to compare the impact of monthly sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine (SP) during the high-transmission season versus placebo on malaria incidence and morbidity of sickle-cell anemia. Sixty (60) SCD patients were randomized either to receive three intermittent preventive treatment (ITP) with SP or placebo using the random permutation table with nine elements. The drug was administrated as follows: sulfadoxine 25 mg/kg and pyrimethamine 1.25 mg/kg and this treatment was given once during the following months: September, October, and November. Overall four episodes of malaria disease were diagnosed, all these cases in the placebo arm. Thus, overall prevalence was 6.6% and there was no other case of malaria in the SP arm during the study period. Parasitological diagnosis confirmed the presence of Plasmodium falciparum in all four cases. No patient death was encountered during the study. SP treatment was well tolerated as only one patient (1.6%) in the SP arm reported pruritus. A significant reduction of patients' complaints (p = 002) and blood requirements (p = 0.001) was noted in the SP group; whereas, no impact was observed on vaso-occlusive crisis and hospitalization occurrence. Malaria prophylaxis by monthly intake of SP during the transmission period of the parasite reduced the prevalence of malaria and was safe in SCD patients leaving in malaria endemic area.",
"In this real-world study of fasting Muslim patients with T2DM, vildagliptin was associated with significantly fewer hypoglycaemic episodes compared with SU therapy. This outcome is particularly meaningful when viewed in the context of good glycaemic and weight control observed in vildagliptin-treated patients. Vildagliptin was well tolerated in this patient population.",
"Ranibizumab was effective in improving and maintaining BCVA and CRST outcomes with a progressively declining number of injections over 3 years of individualized dosing. Ranibizumab was generally well tolerated with no new safety concerns over 3 years.",
"The purpose of this study was to determine the association between hydroxyurea treatment and changes in employment status, if any, among patients with sickle cell anemia enrolled in the Multicenter Study of Hydroxyurea in Sickle Cell Anemia (MSH). To that end, we compared the employment status among treatment responders, treatment nonresponders, and placebo groups of patients enrolled in MSH during the clinical trial and follow-up periods. Treatment with hydroxyurea did not significantly (p > .05) affect employment status, but there was a trend for more consistent employment in the hydroxyurea group. Given the fact that patients enrolled in MSH had moderate to severe disease with irreversible complications such as avascular necrosis, if would be attractive to hypothesize that future treatment of young patients with hydroxyurea could prevent or mitigate the incidence of complications of sickle cell anemia and, hence, improve the employment status of treated patients.",
"There was no difference in success rates in patients who received subconjunctival sodium hyaluronate 2.3% compared to BSS injections. Subconjunctival sodium hyaluronate 2.3% was associated with more diffuse blebs after filtering surgery.",
"This registrational study provides evidence that the fixed combination of brinzolamide, 1%, and brimonidine, 0.2%, can safely and effectively lower IOP in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension, showing significantly superior IOP-lowering activity compared with either brinzolamide or brimonidine monotherapy while providing a safety profile consistent with that of its individual components.",
"Linezolid plays an increasingly important role in the treatment of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB). However, patients should be carefully monitored due to time- and dose-dependent toxicity. Clarithromycin plays a more modest role. Therapeutic drug monitoring may contribute to assessment of treatment regimens, helping to reduce toxicity while maintaining adequate drug exposure. Oral fluid sampling could provide a welcome alternative in cases where conventional plasma sampling is not possible or desirable. The aim of this study was to clinically validate the analysis of linezolid and clarithromycin and its metabolite hydroxyclarithromycin in oral fluid of patients with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis. Serum and oral fluid samples were simultaneously obtained and analyzed by using validated methods, after extensive cross-validation between the two matrices. Passing-Bablok regressions and Bland-Altman analysis showed that oral fluid analysis of linezolid and clarithromycin appeared to be suitable for therapeutic drug monitoring in MDR-TB patients. No correction factor is needed for the interpretation of linezolid oral fluid concentrations with a ratio of the linezolid concentration in serum to that in oral fluid of 0.97 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.92 to 1.02). However, the clarithromycin concentration serum/clarithromycin concentration in oral fluid ratio is 3.07 (95% CI, 2.45 to 3.69). Analysis of hydroxyclarithromycin in oral fluid was not possible in this study due to a nonlinear relationship between the concentration in serum and that in oral fluid. In conclusion, the analysis of linezolid (no correction factor) and clarithromycin (correction factor of 3) in oral fluid is applicable for therapeutic drug monitoring in cases of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis as an alternative to conventional serum sampling. Easy sampling using a noninvasive technique may facilitate therapeutic drug monitoring for specific patient categories.",
"Low-pressure (low-tension) glaucoma is reviewed in relation to neuroprotection, that is, the therapeutic strategy to keep neurons living and functionally connected to targets within the brain. Baseline results of the Low-Pressure Glaucoma Treatment Study (LoGTS) are reviewed.",
"LAA occlusion can be safely performed at the time of cardiac surgery. A large trial to evaluate the clinical efficacy of LAA occlusion in patients undergoing cardiac surgery is possible in motivated centres with some modifications to the design of LAAOS II.",
"The high rate of DR-TB underscores the importance of routine DST. History of treatment and drug susceptibility in source cases was useful in guiding initial treatment in children.",
"Hydroxyurea is one of the most successfully used therapies for sickle cell disease. Results of many clinical trials point to hydroxyurea administration for patients with frequent painful crises and acute chest syndrome. Priapism is one of the complications that could be prevented by hydroxyurea, but there are few reports demonstrating the results. Since November 1993, hydroxyurea has been used in our clinic for preventing priapism in patients with stuttering or major attacks who are still capable of achieving intercourse on demand. Five patients were enrolled in the study, and 4 cases benefited by this treatment. After the initial treatment for the acute attack, all five patients developed stuttering priapism. Hydroxyurea was then introduced at the initial dose of 10 mg/kg, and as the hydroxyurea dosage increased, the number or length of priapism episodes decreased. One to two months after the maximal dose (20-35 mg/kg) was introduced, the episodes disappeared. In two patients, we were forced to administer over 30 mg hydroxyurea/kg to abort the episodes, and, in another patient, 25 mg/kg was necessary. All patients present normal sexual activity. Hydroxyurea was discontinued in two patients, but stuttering priapism reappeared. Hydroxyurea was then re-introduced, and priapism disappeared. One patient, using 20 mg hydroxyurea/kg, had a 6-year remission of priapism after hydroxyurea administration; however, he experienced stuttering priapism, 1 month before a major attack, that progressed to impotence. During that month, he did not seek medical attention. In conclusion, the data here presented suggests that hydroxyurea may prevent priapism attacks in sickle cell disease, probably at higher doses than usually prescribed for painful crisis prevention.",
"This study demonstrates that cMyBP-C harbors more phosphorylation sites than previously known, with a total of 17 (9 novel) identified phosphorylation sites in vivo. Most sites were primarily located within the N-terminal side of the protein. The most highly phosphorylated site on cMyBP-C was Ser284 and this site showed decreased phosphorylation in the failing heart, which implicates importance for fine-tuning contractility. To date, the functional importance of Ser286 and Thr290 is unknown. In addition, 16 sites were identified after in vitro kinase incubation. The data have been deposited to the ProteomeXchange with identifier PXD000158.",
"The outcome of myopericardial inflammatory syndromes is good. Unlike acute coronary syndromes, troponin elevation is not a negative prognostic marker in this setting.",
"The brimonidine-timolol fixed combination was associated with a 50% lower incidence in ocular allergy compared with 0.2% brimonidine monotherapy. This difference between treatments was not statistically significant (p=0.097) but is likely to be clinically important. Additional studies are needed to evaluate the incidence of ocular allergy associated with brimonidine-timolol fixed combination treatment.",
"In this pilot study that compared the symptoms and tolerability of once-daily timolol hemihydrate 0.5%, timolol in sorbate 0.5%, and timolol gel-forming solution 0.5% in these patients with glaucoma and/or ocular hypertension, short-term (3-day) administration of timolol in sorbate was associated with more stinging or burning compared with timolol hemihydrate and timolol gel-forming solution. Timolol gel-forming solution was associated with more postinstillation blurred or dimmed vision compared with timolol hemihydrate and timolol in sorbate.",
"The present study confirms that the clinical presentation of pheochromocytoma is variable and aspecific. Normotension is often present and often the tumor is discovered incidentally. An indication for the routine use of screening methods more sensitive than urinary VMA is strongly suggested. The clonidine test was found to be safe and should be preferred to the glucagon test which has to be restricted to very selected patients. CT and MIBG scintigraphy are almost always successful in localizing the tumor. Reversal of hypertension by surgery seems to depend on an early diagnosis.",
"Patients with severely impaired LVEF experience worse outcomes. However, in the era of modern surgery, this alone should not predicate exclusion, given the established benefits of surgery in this high-risk group.",
"Among patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction and LV dysfunction after successful reperfusion, intracoronary infusion of BM-MNC at either 5 to 7 days or 3 to 4 weeks after acute myocardial infarction did not improve LV function at 4-month follow-up.",
"Both pitavastatin (2 mg/day) and atorvastatin (10 mg/day) were well tolerated, lowered LDL-C, and improved the lipid profile to a comparable degree in high-risk Taiwanese patients with hypercholesterolemia.",
"Telcagepant was generally well tolerated when administered for the acute intermittent treatment of migraine for up to 18 months. The incidences of triptan-related and drug-related adverse events favored telcagepant over rizatriptan.",
"The purpose of this study was to test whether the efficacy of prophylactic treatment with botulinum toxin A (BTX-A) on migraine frequency is related to the individual perception of the pain and its directionality, namely, exploding, imploding, or ocular migraine headache. Episodic and chronic migraine patients (n=82) previously treated with BTX-A were interviewed to characterize their migraine headache and its directionality. The magnitude of their response to treatment was analyzed vis-à-vis their individual type of headache. Patients showing a >67% drop in number of migraine days/month were classified as responders; those showing a drop smaller than 33% were labeled non-responders; patients showing a drop between 34% and 66% were considered questionable responders. After BTX-A treatment, the number of migraine days/month dropped 85.2+/-1.6% (from 20.1+/-1.5 to 2.8+/-0.4; p<0.0001) in 37 responders, 52.4+/-2.4% (from 16.3+/-3.5 to 7.2+/-1.5; p=0.003) in 11 questionable responders, and remained unchanged (21.2+/-1.8 vs. 21.1+/-1.7; p>0.78) in 34 non-responders. The frequency of headache types differed significantly (p<0.0001) across the 3 response sub-groups. Among non-responders, 83% described a buildup of pressure inside their head (exploding headache). Among responders and questionable responders, 84 and 64%, respectively, perceived their head to be crushed, clamped or stubbed by external forces (imploding headache) or an eye-popping pain (ocular headache). The prevalence of exploding, imploding, and ocular headache was similar between episodic and chronic migraine patients. Imploding/ocular migraine headache is more likely than exploding headache to be prevented by prophylactic BTX-A treatment. Further validation of this principle should await large-scale prospective, placebo-controlled studies.",
"Telcagepant is a novel, orally active, and selective calcitonin gene-related peptide receptor antagonist being developed for acute treatment of migraine with and without aura. Three separate clinical studies were conducted to evaluate the pharmacokinetics and tolerability of telcagepant following single oral doses in healthy young and elderly men and women and multiple oral doses in men. Telcagepant was rapidly absorbed with a time to maximum concentration of approximately 1.5 hours. The terminal half-life was approximately 6 hours. A greater than dose-proportional increase was observed in the area under the plasma concentration versus time curve from zero to infinity. Following twice-daily dosing, with each dose separated by 2 hours, steady state was achieved in approximately 3 to 4 days with an accumulation ratio of approximately 2. There were no clinically meaningful pharmacokinetic differences when compared across age and gender. Telcagepant was generally well tolerated up to single doses of 1200 mg and multiple doses of 400 mg twice daily.",
"null",
"The study showed travoprost 0.004% combined with brinzolamide 1% to provide a statistically significant reduction (p < 0.001) in intraocular pressure in patients who could not been successfully treated with timolol 0.5% and brinzolamide 1%.",
"This mixed treatment comparison meta-analysis found similarity between warfarin and the new anticoagulants with the exception of one comparison, in which warfarin was associated with more non-major bleeding than apixaban. Thus, the new anticoagulants are therapeutically comparable when warfarin is inappropriate.",
"The use of combination nets for malaria control offers promising prospects. However, further investigations are needed to demonstrate the benefits of using PermaNet 3.0 for the control of pyrethroid resistant mosquito populations in Africa.",
"Data from this pilot study provide evidence that saliva levels of several prostaglandins increase during attacks of MMaD and that treatment with a single tablet combination of sumatriptan and naproxen sodium prevents elevation of prostaglandin levels.",
"The HIV Prevention Trials Network (HPTN) is conducting the HPTN 071 (PopART) study in 21 communities in Zambia and South Africa with support from a consortium of funders. HPTN 071 (PopART) is a community-randomized trial of a combination prevention strategy to reduce HIV incidence in the context of the generalized epidemic of southern Africa. The full PopART intervention strategy is anchored in home-based HIV testing and facilitated linkage of HIV-infected persons to care through community health workers and universal antiretroviral therapy for seropositive persons regardless of CD4+ cell count or HIV viral load. To further reduce the risk of HIV acquisition among uninfected individuals, the study aims to expand voluntary medical male circumcision, diagnosis and treatment of sexually transmitted infections, behavioral counseling, and condom distribution. The full PopART intervention strategy also incorporates promotion of other interventions designed to reduce HIV and tuberculosis transmission, including optimization of the prevention of mother-to-child HIV transmission and enhanced individual and public health tuberculosis services. Success for the PopART strategy depends on the ability to increase coverage for the study interventions whose uptake is a necessary antecedent to a prevention effect. Processes will be measured to assess the degree of penetration of the interventions into the communities. A randomly sampled population cohort from each community will be used to measure the impact of the PopART strategy on HIV incidence over 3 years. We describe the strategy being tested and progress to date in the HPTN 071 (PopART) study.",
"This study demonstrates that PCI for ostial/mid-shaft lesions is associated with better clinical outcomes than are distal bifurcation lesions in ULMCA, largely because there is a lower need for repeat revascularization in ostial/mid-shaft lesions.",
"Elevations in FPG in the non-diabetic range were not associated with long-term risk of cardiovascular events in middle-aged men in WOSCOPS. These data suggest that the current FPG cutoff for diagnosing diabetes also appropriately identifies western men at risk of CVD.",
"Warfarin treatment was associated with a lower 1-year risk for the composite outcome of death, MI, and ischemic stroke without a higher risk of bleeding in consecutive acute MI patients with atrial fibrillation. This association was not related to the severity of concurrent CKD.",
"We examined 72 patients with T2D and NAFLD. All patients divided by us on the way of therapy into 2 groups. The main group (n = 45) received oral antidiabetic therapy and multiprobiotic "Symbiter" within 30 days. Patients of comparison group (n = 27) received only hypoglycemic drugs. Also in each group we identified patients with normal and elevated level of transaminases. We observed 1.5-2 times increasing of cytokines in patients with NAFLD and elevated transaminase levels compared to patients with normal transaminase levels. We noted statistically significant reduction of proinflammatory cytokines in plasma, after 30 days of therapy, in patients with elevated levels of transaminases. In particular, the level of IL-6 decreased on 30.9% (P < 0.001), IL-8 - 19.9% (P = 0.001), TNF-alpha - 13.4% (P < 0.001), IL-1beta - 17.9% (P < 0.001) and IFN-gamma on 18.7% (P < 0.001) respectively. In patients with normal levels transaminases and NAFLD were significantly decreased only TNF-alpha on 15.1% (P = 0.003) and IL-8 on 15.2% (P = 0.017). Significant changes in cytokines levels in patients of comparative group we don't observed. Probiotics can be recommended for use in patients with different stages of NAFLD and T2D as an adjunct to standard treatment regimens because it decreases manifestations of low-grade systemic inflammatory response.",
"Thermographic patterns found by the new computer-based system were similar to those obtained in our previous subjective work. The classification system found forefoot-low pattern and tiptoe-low pattern objectively. The system based on infrared thermography will be a screening tool to assess circulatory status in daily foot care of patients with DM.",
"Transdermal sumatriptan is superior to oral triptans for migraine patients whose baseline nausea causes them to delay or avoid acute treatment.",
"Therapeutic, II.",
"DPV-spike after PVI may be associated with higher electrical activity within the PVs and may be one of the risk factors for AF recurrence. Additional RFCA for DPV-spike was effective to reduce the AF recurrence after PVI.",
"null",
"Non-adherence to anti-tuberculosis treatment was high. Forgetfulness, being in the continuation phases of chemotherapy, having symptoms of tuberculosis during the interview, and co-infected with HIV were significantly associated with non-adherence to anti-tuberculosis therapy. Special attention on adherence counseling should be given to symptomatic patients, TB/HIV co-infected patients, and those in the continuation phase of the tuberculosis therapy.",
"Prolonged treatment for patients with delayed conversion may be beneficial, as 71% of late converters still achieved cure or completed treatment. This has implications for programs with de ned end points for treatment failure. The interval between rst and nal conversion among patients whose initial con- version is not sustained raises concern with respect to the ongoing debate regarding duration of treatment and the definition of cure.",
"We identified 6 CACNA1C mutations in BrS and IVF patients and their phenotypes were varied. Although mutation frequency was not high, screening of LTCC channel genes may be clinically important to prevent unexpected sudden death.",
"Stage III CKD was an independent predictor of stroke in atrial fibrillation patients taking aspirin. Among stage III CKD patients, apixaban significantly reduced stroke relative to aspirin without a significant increase in major hemorrhage.",
"Despite improvements in mortality rates for other major conditions and in surgical outcomes for VHD, adjusted VHD mortality rates showed minimal change over the 31 years examined. The ageing population is driving a marked increase in the number of deaths due to VHD.",
"FDS improved glycemic control and antioxidant status, and reduced lipid peroxidation and inflammatory response in patients with T2D. Supplementation with freeze-dried berry products, as natural sources of antioxidants with low glycemic index, could be considered as an adjunctive therapy in ameliorating metabolic complications of T2D.",
"Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ACTRN12610000053022.",
"The principal safety endpoint was similar in the rivaroxaban and warfarin groups (14.9 vs. 14.5 events/100 patient-years; hazard ratio: 1.03; 95% confidence interval: 0.96 to 1.11). Major bleeding risk increased with age, but there were no differences between treatments in each age category (<65, 65 to 74, ≥75 years; pinteraction = 0.59). Compared with those without (n = 13,455), patients with a major bleed (n = 781) were more likely to be older, current/prior smokers, have prior gastrointestinal (GI) bleeding, mild anemia, and a lower calculated creatinine clearance and less likely to be female or have a prior stroke/transient ischemic attack. Increasing age, baseline diastolic blood pressure (DBP) ≥90 mm Hg, history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or GI bleeding, prior acetylsalicylic acid use, and anemia were independently associated with major bleeding risk; female sex and DBP <90 mm Hg were associated with a decreased risk.",
"null",
"An after-school, peer-led, healthy living program attenuated weight gain and improved healthy living knowledge in children living in a remote isolated First Nation.",
"QFT-GIT may be an improvement over the TST for diagnosing LTBI in foreign-born and older persons, and may be as useful as the TST in HIV-infected persons. The sensitivity of both tests may be low in HIV-infected persons.",
"Improvement of diabetes management among this population should focus on border health system barriers to attaining HP 2020 diabetes target goals.",
"During ablation of AFL, directly targeting muscle bundles in the CTI as guided by the highest electrograms is more efficient than making a linear lesion across the entire CTI, since using the former approach needed less RF application, shorter fluoroscopy and procedure times than using the latter. The max electrogram-guided approach may be recommended for routine clinical use to replace the conventional linear ablation approach.",
"Consistent with previous literature, upstream treatment with eptifibatide was associated with improved outcomes in high-risk non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome patients treated with PCI; however, a nonsignificant interaction term precludes a definite conclusion.",
"PPM is frequent after TAVR. Appropriate annular oversizing does not reduce the rate or severity of PPM. Patient annulus size mismatch, identified by indexed MDCT annular area, is a significant predictor of PPM.",
"Transcatheter valve-in-valve implantation is widely performed, albeit in small numbers, in most centers in the Nordic countries. The short-term results were excellent in this high-risk patient population, demonstrating a low incidence of device- or procedure-related complications. However, a considerable number of patients were left with suboptimal systolic valve performance with unknown long-term effects, warranting close surveillance after transcatheter valve-in-valve implantation.",
"Concern has been raised that iron supplementation for treatment of acute malaria may worsen the severity of malaria. We compared the effect of iron and folate with folate alone on hematologic recovery in children treated for acute malaria. We randomized 82 children 6-60 months of age from Nigeria with smear-positive malaria and anemia (hematocrit < 33%) to receive iron (2 mg/kg/day) plus folate (5 mg/day) or folate alone in addition to antimalarial drugs. The mean ± SD hematocrit at baseline was 28.5% ± 2.9%. At four weeks, the mean hematocrit increased by 2.5% ± 1.6% in the iron plus folate group and by 1.4% ± 1.0% in the folate alone group (P = 0.001). Baseline hematocrit, iron supplementation, weight for height, and weekly meat intake were significant predictors of final hematocrit. The effect of iron was not significantly modified by baseline hematocrit, weekly meat intake, nutritional status, mother's education, sex, or age of the child. Iron supplementation improved hematologic recovery in children with malarial anemia.",
"Ponatinib is associated with a low risk of QTc prolongation in patients with refractory hematological malignancies.",
"International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews CRD42011001209 Please see later in the article for the Editors' Summary.",
"Adding dorzolamide to timolol monotherapy has a minimal effect, but going from dorzolamide-timolol combination to timolol alone lowered arteriolar and venular oxygen saturation. The retinal oxygen saturation measurements show a high degree of stability over an extended period of time. Previous studies have suggested increased retinal and optic nerve blood flow with dorzolamide. Unchanged oxygen saturation and increased blood flow would indicate increased oxygen delivery to the retina.",
"A confirmed diagnosis of MDR-TB is not possible in all cases but this should not impede the treatment of MDR-TB in children. More than 90% of children with MDR-TB can be successfully treated. Non-severe disease could be successfully treated with reduced treatment duration.",
"Contrary to conventional medical belief, discussing threatening personal events with patients can yield positive results. Health professionals should take threat and mastery perceptions of diabetes into account during regular consultations with a view to improving treatment acceptance and adherence. With this brief intervention of type 2 diabetes patients, it was also more effective to alleviate their emotional difficulties than to enhance their perception of mastery.",
"The aim of this prospective study was to evaluate the long-term efficacy and safety of hydroxyurea (HU) in patients with sickle cell disease (SCD). Thirty-four patients with sickle cell anemia (hemoglobin S [HbS]/HbS), 131 with HbS/beta(0)-thal, and 165 with HbS/beta(+)-thal participated in this trial. HU was administered to 131 patients, whereas 199 patients were conventionally treated. The median follow-up period was 8 years for HU patients and 5 years for non-HU patients. HU produced a dramatic reduction in the frequency of severe painful crises, transfusion requirements, hospital admissions, and incidence of acute chest syndrome. The probability of 10-year survival was 86% and 65% for HU and non-HU patients, respectively (P = .001), although HU patients had more severe forms of SCD. The 10-year probability of survival for HbS/HbS, HbS/beta (0)-thal, and HbS/IVSI-110 patients was 100%, 87%, and 82%, respectively, for HU patients and 10%, 54%, and 66%, for non-HU patients. The multivariate analysis showed that fetal hemoglobin values at baseline and percentage change of lactate dehydrogenase between baseline and 6 months were independently predicted for survival in the HU group. These results highlight the beneficial effect of HU, which seems to modify the natural history of SCD and raise the issue of expanding its use in all SCD patients.",
"A total of 795 patients underwent randomization at 45 centers in the United States. In the as-treated analysis, the rate of death from any cause at 1 year was significantly lower in the TAVR group than in the surgical group (14.2% vs. 19.1%), with an absolute reduction in risk of 4.9 percentage points (upper boundary of the 95% confidence interval, -0.4; P<0.001 for noninferiority; P = 0.04 for superiority). The results were similar in the intention-to-treat analysis. In a hierarchical testing procedure, TAVR was noninferior with respect to echocardiographic indexes of valve stenosis, functional status, and quality of life. Exploratory analyses suggested a reduction in the rate of major adverse cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events and no increase in the risk of stroke.",
"This study demonstrated that BBFC has significantly superior IOP-lowering activity compared with either brinzolamide 1% or brimonidine 0.2% in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension while providing a safety profile which is consistent with that of the individual components.",
"null",
"DHAPIP is efficacious and safe for the treatment of uncomplicated falciparum malaria in Laiza city of Myanmar in the border area.",
"Both latanoprost and fixed-combination latanoprost-timolol may be viable substitutes for timolol and another nonprostaglandin medication in glaucoma or ocular hypertension patients.",
"Our results suggest that, therapeutic doses of levosimendan infusion do not have a significant effect on QT parameters - the predictors of arrhythmias-, in patients with decompensated heart failure when compared with dobutamine infusion.",
"GI-education improves GI-concept knowledge and helps lower dietary glycaemic index among women with a history of GDM.",
"Over 1 year, treatment with pioglitazone 30 mg/day did not produce consistent effects on either BMD or bone turnover in people with T2DM or IGT. The mechanism(s) by which pioglitazone increases fracture risk in T2DM is unclear.",
"Although all weight-loss approaches may improve insulin sensitivity in type 2 diabetes, bariatric surgery is believed to be the only reliable means of achieving diabetes remission. We conducted a retrospective cohort study to compare rates of diabetes remission, relapse and all-cause mortality among severely obese individuals with diabetes who underwent bariatric surgery vs. nonsurgically treated individuals. Severely obese adults with uncontrolled or medication-controlled diabetes who underwent bariatric surgery or received usual medical care from 2005 to 2008 in three health care delivery systems in the United States were eligible. Diabetes status was identified using pharmacy, laboratory, and diagnosis information from electronic medical records. A propensity approach and exclusion criteria identified 1395 adults with diabetes who had bariatric surgery and 62,322 who did not. Most procedures were Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (72.0% laparoscopic; 8.2% open); 4.4% were gastric banding, 2.4% sleeve gastrectomy, and 13.2% were other procedures. At two years, bariatric subjects experienced significantly higher diabetes remission rates [73.7% (95% CI: 70.6, 76.5)] compared to nonsurgical subjects [6.9% (95%CI: 6.9, 7.1)]. Age, site, duration of diabetes, hemoglobin A1c level, and intensity of diabetes medication treatment were significantly associated with remission. Bariatric subjects also experienced lower relapse rates than nonsurgical subjects (adjusted HR: 0.19; 95% CI: 0.15-0.23) with no higher risk of death (adjusted HR: 0.54; 95% CI: 0.22-1.30). We conclude that bariatric surgery can effectively induce remission of diabetes among most severely obese adults, and this treatment approach appears to be superior to nonsurgical treatment in inducing diabetes remission.",
"Inappropriate treatment is the most important influencing factor of MDR-TB. Increasing people's awareness of TB, early detection and appropriate treatment of patients with TB should become a priority, which requires strong commitment and collaboration among health organisations and greater compliance with TB treatment guidelines by service providers and patients.",
"Both TAVR and SAVR were associated with a significant early improvement in MR in survivors. However, moderate or severe MR at baseline was associated with increased 2-year mortality after SAVR but not after TAVR. TAVR may be a reasonable option in selected patients with combined aortic and mitral valve disease.",
"To analyze the clinical significance of the oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) in the assessment of abnormal glucose metabolism in Chinese patients with hypertension. In this cross-sectional study of 10,173 hypertensive adult patients from eight sites in China, data on patient, clinical and disease characteristics were collected, and fasting plasma glucose (FPG) levels were measured. A subset of 5322 patients also underwent an OGTT. Abnormal glucose metabolism (impaired glucose regulation (IGR) or diabetes mellitus (DM)) was detected in 31.1% of the 10,173 patients by FPG testing and in 67% of the 5322 patients by OGTT. OGTT increased the detection rate by 35.8%. Patients with FPG levels ≥5.6 and ≥6.1 mmol l(-1) had the mean OGTT 2-h plasma glucose levels of 8.79 and 9.68 mmol l(-1), respectively. Compared with normoglycemic patients, those with IGR or DM had higher rates of total proteinuria (normoglycemic 15.8% vs. IGR 22.1% vs. DM 33.7%, P<0.001), a lower absolute estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR; in ml min(-1) per 1.73 m(2)) (82.9 vs. 80.77 vs. 79.74, P=0.06) and a higher prevalence of cardiovascular disease (normoglycemic 17.6% vs. IGR/DM 13.8%, P<0.001). Abnormal abdominal circumference, eGFR ≤60 ml min(-1) per 1.73 m(2), and proteinuria were independently associated with abnormal glucose metabolism (IGR or DM). Hypertensive patients who are diabetic or at risk of diabetes are at greater risk of renal damage and cardiovascular disease than those who are normoglycemic. It is insufficient to assess the glucose metabolism status of Chinese hypertensive patients using only FPG testing; the use of OGTT can increase the detection rate by 35.8%. Patients whose FPG levels were <5.6 mmol l(-1) may be found to have abnormal glucose metabolism after an OGTT.",
"Levels of CRP and IL-6 are independently associated with RV morphology even after adjustment for the respective LV measure in this multi-ethnic population free of clinical cardiovascular disease. Systemic inflammation may contribute to RV structural changes independent of effects on the LV.",
"In a programme setting, with HCW training and introduction of specific documentation (IPT card and register), implementation of contact tracing and chemoprophylaxis for child contacts improved from 19% to 61%.",
"Obesity affects individuals physically and emotionally, contributing to direct and indirect employer costs. Targeted obesity interventions through the Diabetes Prevention Program Lifestyle Core Curriculum offered at the worksite could promote healthy lifestyle decisions resulting in weight improvement among overweight and obese employees. A pretest-posttest cohort design was used to evaluate changes in weight and body mass index among 35 Diabetes Prevention Program participants; they achieved statistically significant changes in body weight (p < .001) and body mass index (p < .001). As a process measure, Diabetes Prevention Program session attendance moderately correlated with weight loss (r = .51; p = .002). Many health care professionals, including occupational health nurses, can implement evidence-based worksite obesity interventions to support employee weight loss.",
"The operational efficacy of 6-month thrice-weekly DOT for peripheral tubercular lymphadenopathy was satisfactory. There was no evidence of additional benefits of prolonging treatment to 9 months.",
"Placing chest tubes on water seal after a brief period of suction after pulmonary resection shortens the duration of the air leak and likely decreases the time that the chest tubes remain in place. Adoption of this practice may result in lower morbidity and lower hospital costs.",
"Case detection, diagnosis and treatment of tuberculosis 1 B) in children are challenging issues vorldwide. This study in Afghanistan aimed to evaluate paediatric TB case management, including contact investigation, at health facilities where all diagnostic processes were available. In 7 out of 8 regions of the country 1 province was selected. Documents used for management of paediatric TB cases were reviewed in 15 distinct hospitals and 8 provincial hospitals in the selected provinces. The key issues which emerged were: a low suspect rate among total outpatients (0.4%) and a very low suspect rate among children aged < 5 years; low performance of suspect management (68.5% suspects received further examinations); low utilization of other diagnostic methods; a high early defaulter rate (14.0%); and insufficient coverage of contact management (74.0%). This survey indicated that the Afghanistan national TB programme needs to develop plans to improve the quality of diagnosis, suspect management and contact management in paediatric TB cases.",
"Plasmodium causes DC loss in vivo, which is at least partially explained by apoptosis in response to blood-stage parasites. In primary infection, loss of DC number and function occurs early during the prepatent period and before or with onset of clinical symptoms. These findings may explain in part the inadequate development of immunity to blood-stage malaria infection.",
"Chronic RV pacing did not affect the HRQoL and physical capacity of pediatrics and young subjects. Female gender, ventricular function, and cardiovascular drugs were associated with lower HRQoL scores. Older subjects walked shorter distances in the 6MWDT, as well as subjects who were taking cardiovascular drugs.",
"Telcagepant does not elevate mean MAP, and coadministration of telcagepant with sumatriptan results in elevations in MAP similar to those observed following administration of sumatriptan alone in migraineurs during the interictal period. When coadministered, telcagepant slightly increases the plasma levels of sumatriptan, but without an apparent clinically meaningful effect.",
"Patients currently treated with triptans and less than very satisfied with their acute migraine therapy experienced a statistically significant and clinically relevant increase in satisfaction with therapy and enhanced confidence in treatment after use of Sumavel DosePro for up to 4 migraine attacks.",
"Bepridil hydrochloride is used for treatment of atrial fibrillation (AF) in Japan. We investigated the relationship between plasma concentrations of bepridil just before dosing (Cbep) and its clinical efficacy in Japanese patients (n=36) with AF. Patients were treated orally with 100, 150 or 200 mg/d bepridil. Cbep were measured with UV-HPLC. In the first 14 d, when 150, 200, 250 or 300 ng/mL was set as a boundary value, the efficacy of bepridil was significantly higher in all patients with Cbep above than below the boundary value (p<0.05). In the maintenance stage (3 months longer after starting therapy), the efficacy of bepridil was significantly higher in patients with Cbep above than below 300 ng/mL (p=0.04). The clinical efficacy of bepridil was closely related to Cbep. The target value of Cbep to obtain a clinical benefit was approximately 300 ng/mL. Monitoring Cbep should be useful in the treatment of patients with AF.",
"Intravenous zanamivir does not affect cardiac repolarization. Accordingly, treatment with intravenous zanamivir does not require additional cardiac monitoring beyond the standard of care.",
"Assessment by a specialist before starting hemodialysis decreases the risk of death in cases of chronic kidney disease, whereas the presence of diabetes and being hospitalized within a month of beginning hemodialysis are markers of risk of death.",
"Adverse AP properties at baseline were exhibited by 37.6% of the evaluated patients with an asymptomatic Wolff-Parkinson-White preexcitation persisting at peak exercise. Isoproterenol challenge yielded additional 36.4% of those tested at higher risk. Ablation was performed in a total of 69.4% of patients subjected to invasive risk stratification.",
"Laboratory monitoring of amiodarone therapy is recommended due to the high incidence of adverse events associated with the drug. The use of appropriate monitoring is unknown at pediatric hospitals. The Pediatric Health Information System database was queried during a 5-year period for all patients who received amiodarone while hospitalized. Use of thyroid function testing, hepatic function testing, electrocardiogram, pulmonary function testing, and chest X-ray for patients was identified. Incidence of individual monitoring tests and complete monitoring profile was identified and compared across patient demographic and clinical factors and pediatric hospital. A total of 1,703 patients met the study criteria, and the incidence of complete amiodarone monitoring for all patients was 7.6 %. The least common monitoring test performed was triiodothyronine at 19.4 %, and the most common was electrocardiogram at 89.7 %. Critically ill patients and neonates were more likely to have amiodarone monitoring. Considerable variation in monitoring practices between pediatric hospitals was identified. Monitoring of amiodarone therapy in patients admitted to pediatric hospitals is low. Future efforts to standardize care are warranted.",
"null",
"Considering the discrepancy between the present and previous clinical studies, it is worthwhile revisiting the efficacy of preemptive triptan therapy during the aura phase of migraine attacks, using larger-scale, 3-way, crossover, placebo-controlled studies.",
"null",
"The lack of evidence of an effect of IPTi on survival could be a false negative result due to a lack of power or imbalance of unmeasured confounders. Alternatively, there could be no mortality impact of IPTi due to low coverage, late administration, drug resistance, decreased malaria transmission or improvements in vector control and case management. This study raises important questions for programme evaluation design.",
"Physicians should address a patient's complaint of blurred vision resulting from medication. Complete initial explanation of the consequences of nonadherence and of the potential vision loss from glaucoma are critical elements in improving patient adherence in Asian populations.",
"BiA pacing in comparison to RAA pacing improves hemodynamic performance in patients with IAB and preserved atrio-ventricular conduction. BiA pacing is associated with reduction of ANP and markers of inflammation (hs-CRP, IL-6, and neopterin).",
"In this real-life setting, eletriptan displayed high efficacy, consistency of response over three attacks and was preferred by 97% patients (Tab. 2, Fig. 5, Ref. 16). Full Text (Free, PDF) www.bmj.sk.",
"Leukocytosis and SIRS are important factors in determining short-term outcomes in PE patients.",
"Further randomized controlled trials are required to confirm the observed increase in short-term gain in knowledge and to investigate whether knowledge gain leads to change in health status.",
"MVO is a distinct phenotype of HCM associated with unfavorable prognosis in terms of end-stage HCM, sudden death and lethal arrhythmic events. The high adverse outcome rate necessitates early recognition of MVO and appropriate therapeutic interventions.",
"Intravenous enoxaparin did not reduce significantly the primary end point (p = 0.06) compared with unfractionated heparin (UFH) in the randomized Acute Myocardial Infarction Treated with primary angioplasty and intravenous enoxaparin Or unfractionated heparin to Lower ischemic and bleeding events at short- and Long-term follow-up (ATOLL) trial. We present the results of the prespecified per-protocol analysis excluding patients who did not receive the treatment allocated by randomization or received both enoxaparin and UFH. We evaluated all-cause mortality, complication of myocardial infarction, procedural failure, or major bleeding (primary end point) and all-cause mortality, recurrent acute coronary syndrome, or urgent revascularization (main secondary end point). Baseline and procedural characteristics were well balanced between the 2 treatment groups. Of 910 randomized patients, 795 patients (87.4%) were treated according to the protocol with consistent anticoagulation using intravenous enoxaparin (n = 400) or UFH (n = 395). Enoxaparin reduced significantly the rates of the primary end point (relative risk [RR] 0.76, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.62 to 0.94, p = 0.012) and the main secondary end point (RR 0.37, 95% CI 0.22 to 0.63, p <0.0001). There was less major bleeding with enoxaparin (RR 0.46, 95% CI 0.21 to 1.01, p = 0.050) contributing to the significant improvement of the net clinical benefit (RR 0.46, 95% CI 0.3 to 0.74, p = 0.0002). All-cause mortality was also reduced with enoxaparin (RR 0.36, 95% CI 0.18 to 0.74, p = 0.003). In conclusion, in the per-protocol analysis of the ATOLL trial, pertinent to >87% of the study population, enoxaparin was superior to UFH in reducing ischemic end points and mortality.",
"Diabetes mellitus as one of the most prevalent endocrine disease is associated with high oxidative stress. Anxiety, stress and depression are common neuropsychiatric features in diabetic patients. Hyperglycemia leads to increased oxidative stress which in turn diminishes antioxidant defense system. On the other hand oxidative stress is the leading cause of depression and anxiety disorders. Thus, it seems that diabetes could accelerate the trend of psychiatric diseases. In this randomized single-blind study, evaluation of the effects of two antioxidants (vitamin C and vitamin E) was done on Stress, depression and anxiety levels in 45 diabetic patients for six weeks. The patients were randomly divided in three groups of vitamin E (400 IU day(-1)), vitamin C (1000 mg day(-1)) and placebo. DASS-21 (Depression Anxiety Stress Scales 21-item) questionnaire items were read to each patient and completed by the main investigator of this study before and after six weeks of supplementation. The scores of depression, anxiety and stress were evaluated separately based on the DASS questionnaire. The results showed a significant decrease in anxiety level (p = 0.005) in vitamin C group compared to other groups but there were no significant differences between groups in terms of changes in stress and depression scores. In conclusion, this study suggests that short-term supplementation of vitamin C is safe and beneficial for reducing anxiety levels in diabetic patients through alleviating oxidative damage.",
"The need for PPI was a frequent complication of transcatheter aortic valve implantation, but it was not associated with any increase in overall or cardiovascular death or rehospitalization for heart failure after a mean follow-up of ≈2 years. Indeed, 30-day PPI was a protective factor for the occurrence of unexpected (sudden or unknown) death. However, new PPI did have a negative effect on left ventricular function over time.",
"This study demonstrated that LDL-C measures can remain controlled in most patients discharged from a cardiac disease management program.",
"null",
"In Korea, women lived longer, but had greater disabilities after strokes than men, indicating the need to develop gender-specific interventions to improve stroke outcomes and reduce the disability burden in women.",
"Recently, polyphenols have been found to affect blood lipids in animals in a similar manner as soluble dietary fibre. The aim was to assess whether an insoluble dietary fiber very rich in polyphenols has a beneficial effect on serum lipids in humans. In a double-blind randomized placebo-controlled clinical study with parallel arms, 88 volunteers with hypercholesterolemia were randomly assigned to consume daily either, fiber with insoluble 84% polyphenols 4 g twice a day (n = 43) or placebo (n = 45). Serum total, LDL and HDL cholesterol and triglycerides were assessed at baseline and after 4 weeks. The insoluble polyphenols consumption reduced the total cholesterol by 17.8 +/- 6.1% (p < 0.05), LDL cholesterol by 22.5 +/- 8.9% (p < 0.001), LDL: HDL cholesterol ratio by 26.2 +/- 14.3% (p < 0.001) and triglycerides by 16.3 +/- 23.4% (p < 0.05) at the end of the study compared with baseline. No significant differences were found during the study time in the placebo group for the lipid profile. The consumption of fiber very rich in insoluble polyphenols shows beneficial effects on human blood lipid profile and may be effective in prevention and treatment of hyperlipemia.",
"Bronchial valve treatment of emphysema has multiple mechanisms of action and acceptable safety, and significantly improves quality of life for the majority of patients.",
"Iron is a critical and tightly regulated nutrient for both the malaria parasite and its human host. The importance of the relationship between host iron and the parasite has been underscored recently by studies showing that host iron supplementation may increase the risk of falciparum malaria. It is unclear what host iron sources the parasite is able to access. We developed a flow cytometry-based method for measuring the labile iron pool (LIP) of parasitized erythrocytes using the nucleic acid dye STYO 61 and the iron sensitive dye, calcein acetoxymethyl ester (CA-AM). This new approach enabled us to measure the LIP of P. falciparum through the course of its erythrocytic life cycle and in response to the addition of host serum iron sources. We found that the LIP increases as the malaria parasite develops from early ring to late schizont stage, and that the addition of either transferrin or ferric citrate to culture media increases the LIP of trophozoites. Our method for detecting the LIP within malaria parasitized RBCs provides evidence that the parasite is able to access serum iron sources as part of the host vs. parasite arms race for iron.",
"Our findings suggest that AF could be contributing to BP elevation in patients with a history of HTN and that a rhythm control strategy might result in a decrease in BP in these patients. This hypothesis however, requires future testing.",
"With rapid transfer to an operation room, minimizing the time of warm myocardial ischaemia, and by performing complete coronary revascularization, it is possible to obtain equally low operative mortality in patients with life-threatening cardiac catheterization-associated complications, as is the case with open cardiac operations in general.",
"The ChAd63 chimpanzee adenovirus vector appears safe and highly immunogenic, providing a viable alternative to human adenoviruses as vaccine vectors for human use.",
"A double-blind multicentre study was undertaken in French-speaking African countries, using parallel series in 34 SC homozygous or double-heterozygous subjects suffering from vasculo-occlusive sickling crisis. In the patients treated with dihydroergotoxine, there was a reduction in the duration of the episodes by 43 hours, i.e. more than one quarter of the total duration. This decrease was statistically significant (p is less than 0.05).",
"In this study MAP0004 0.5 mg and 1.0 mg were well tolerated and effective at delivering clinically significant, rapid, and sustained pain relief in adult migraine patients. No additional benefit was observed with the higher dose, thus the MAP0004 0.5 mg systemic equivalent dose has been selected as the dose for further clinical study.",
"The present short-term study found adding ezetimibe to ongoing statin therapy was well tolerated and effective in reducing LDL-C, total cholesterol, non-HDL-C, and apolipoprotein B. Adding ezetimibe to statin therapy offers reasonable treatment option for HIV-infected patients with elevated LDL-C.",
"UAP/NSTEMI and STEMI patients undergoing emergency PCI were at high risk for CI-AKI regardless of CV/eGFR ratio. Minimizing the dose of contrast medium based on eGFR might be valuable in reducing the risk of CI-AKI in SAP patients.",
"Our data suggest that this imaging protocol should be used in all patients with biochemically confirmed pheochromocytoma.",
"This work was carried out to demonstrate the possibility of beneficial therapeutic effects of aspirin in sickle cell anaemia patients. Two groups of 50 patients each, with haemoglobin genotype SS were studied, one group receiving soluble aspirin daily for 6 weeks, while the other was used as a control. There was evidence of increase in oxygen affinity, in haemoglobin levels, and in the life span of RBC, probably due to acetylation of HbS.",
"It is controversial whether angiotensin II receptor blockers provide better protection than calcium antagonists against atrial fibrillation (AF) recurrence in hypertensive patients. This study was designed to compare the effect of nifedipine- and telmisartan-based antihypertensive treatments for preventing AF recurrence in hypertensive patients with paroxysmal AF. A total of 149 hypertensive patients with paroxysmal AF were randomized to nifedipine- or telmisartan-based antihypertensive treatment groups. The target blood pressure (BP) was <130/80 mm Hg. Clinic BP, ECG, Holter monitoring, and echocardiography were followed up for 2 years. The primary end point was the incidence of overall and persistent AF recurrence. During follow-up, there was no statistical difference in the rate of patients lowering to target BP between both groups, whereas nifedipine group had slightly better BP control but similar heart rate control at 24 months. The incidence of AF recurrence was similar in both groups (nifedipine versus telmisartan: 58.7% versus 55.4%; P=0.742), and Kaplan-Meier analysis showed no significant difference in the freedom from AF recurrence (log-rank test; P=0.48). However, the rate of developing persistent AF in telmisartan group was lower than that in nifedipine group (5.4% versus 16.0%; P=0.035). Patients in telmisartan group had lower values of left atrial diameter, left atrial volume index, and left ventricular mass index at the end of follow-up. The effects of telmisartan in preventing AF recurrences in hypertensive patients with paroxysmal AF after intensive lowering BP is similar to that of nifedipine, but telmisartan has more potent effects on preventing progression to persistent AF.",
"In post-hoc subgroup analyses, aspirin had similar protective effects on ischaemic stroke for women with or without migraine. By contrast, our data suggest that women with MA on aspirin had increased risk of MI. The small number of outcome events in subgroups, the exploratory nature of our analyses, and lack of plausible mechanisms raise the possibility of a chance finding, which must caution the interpretation.",
"To document the rate of self-reported compliance and glaucoma-related knowledge in Swiss patients and to identify risk factors for their poor compliance. This was an observational study, including a total of 200 consecutive patients already under glaucoma medication in two Swiss tertiary glaucoma clinics (Geneva and Bern). Personal characteristics, presence of systemic disease, compliance with glaucoma medication, attitude to the ophthalmologist, and glaucoma-related attitudes were ascertained by means of a predetermined questionnaire with 40 questions. Patients were subsequently assessed for the ability to correctly instil placebo eye drops. Non-compliance with glaucoma medication was defined as omitting more than two doses a week as reported by the patient. Logistic regression was used to evaluate how patient characteristics and knowledge about the disease were related to compliance. Overall, 81% (n = 162) of patients reported to be compliant. Forgetfulness was the most frequently cited reason for non-compliance with dosing regimen (63%). Although 90.5% (n = 181) of patients believed glaucoma medication to be efficient, only 28% (n = 56) could correctly define glaucoma. Factors positively associated with compliance were 'knowledge of glaucoma' [adjusted odds ratio (OR) 4.77 (95% CI 1.36-16.70)] and 'getting help for administration of drops' [OR 2.95 (1.25-6.94)]. These findings indicate that despite the comparatively high compliance rate among glaucoma patients, knowledge of glaucoma remains poor in long-term glaucoma sufferers. Improving knowledge about the disease is important since it is positively associated with compliance in our study.",
"Programmatic implementation of mRDTs in a moderately endemic area reduced drastically over-treatment with anti-malarials. Properly trained clinicians with adequate support complied with the recommendation of not treating patients with negative results. Implementation of mRDT should be integrated hand-in-hand with training on the management of other causes of fever to prevent irrational use of antibiotics.",
"null",
"Landiolol hydrochloride is effective and safe for patients with postoperative SVT.",
"Flunarizine, topiramate, and the combination of flunarizine with topiramate are all effective and have good tolerability in migraine prophylaxis. Adding topiramate to flunarizine may reduce the latter's impact on body weight.",
"The hypertension, abnormal renal/liver function, stroke, bleeding history or predisposition, labile international normalized ratio, elderly, and drugs/alcohol (HAS-BLED); anticoagulation and risk factors in atrial fibrillation (ATRIA); modified Outpatient Bleeding Risk Index (mOBRI); and reduction of atherothrombosis for continued health (REACH) schemes are validated bleeding risk-prediction tools, but their predictive performance in patients with AF receiving multiple antithrombotic drugs after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) is unknown. We sought to compare the predictive performance of bleeding risk-estimation tools in a cohort of patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) undergoing PCI. Management of patients with AF undergoing coronary artery stenting is a multicenter European prospective registry enrolling patients with AF undergoing PCI. We calculated HAS-BLED, ATRIA, mOBRI, and REACH bleeding risk-prediction scores and assessed the rate of bleeding complications as defined by Bleeding Academic Research Consortium at 12 months follow-up in 929 consecutive patients undergoing PCI. Increasing age, femoral access site, and previous peptic ulcer were independent determinants of bleeding. Low bleeding risk scores as determined by HAS-BLED 0 to 2, ATRIA 0 to 3, mOBRI 0, and REACH 0 to 10 were detected in 23.7%, 73.0%, 7.8%, and 5.7% of patients of the cohort, respectively. No significant differences were detected in the rates of any bleeding or major bleeding events for low versus intermediate/high scores with each risk-prediction tool. In conclusion, the performance of ATRIA, HAS-BLED, mOBRI, and REACH scores in predicting bleeding complications in this high-risk patient subset was useless.",
"Foundation for Innovative New Diagnostics, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, European and Developing Countries Clinical Trials Partnership (TA2007.40200.009), Wellcome Trust (085251/B/08/Z), and UK Department for International Development.",
"Hydroxyurea (HU) enhances the synthesis of fetal hemoglobin (HbF) and can improve the clinical course of some adult patients with sickle cell anemia (SCA). In a randomized trial, we studied the biologic effects and the clinical benefit of HU in children and young adults with severe SCA. Twenty-five patients (median age, 9 years) were randomized to receive either HU (at the initial dosage of 20 mg/kg/d) or a placebo for 6 months and were then switched to the other arm for the next 6 months. Among the 22 evaluable patients (median age, 8 years), significant increases in HbF and mean corpuscular volume occurred during the HU treatment period. The white blood cell and reticulocytes counts decreased significantly, but these changes were not clinically relevant. Sixteen of 22 patients (73%) experienced a complete disappearance of events requiring hospitalization. The number of days of hospitalization as well as the number of hospitalizations for patients on HU, as compared with those for the patients receiving placebo, were significantly reduced. We conclude that treatment with HU in children and young adults is feasible, well-tolerated, and improves the clinical course of SCA. The long-term effects of HU require further investigation.",
"Among Collaborative Initial Glaucoma Treatment Study patients, early posttrabeculectomy IOP spike ≥5 mm Hg above baseline IOP was not associated with subsequent VF loss, but was associated with significantly higher IOP during long-term follow-up.",
"Myocardial protection and ultrastructural abnormalities were similar for both types of mitral valve replacement beating or arrested heart techniques.",
"Vitamin K antagonists (VKAs) are effective for stroke prevention in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) but are difficult to use. Dabigatran etexilate is a prodrug that is rapidly converted to the active direct thrombin inhibitor dabigatran. It is administered in a fixed dose without laboratory monitoring and is being compared with warfarin (international normalized ratio 2-3) in the RE-LY trial. Two doses of dabigatran (110 and 150 mg BID) are being evaluated. RE-LY is a phase 3, prospective, randomized, open-label multinational (44 countries) trial of patients with nonvalvular AF and at least 1 risk factor for stroke. Recruitment concluded with a total of 18,113 patients. Patients who were VKA-naive and experienced are included in balanced proportions. The primary outcome is stroke (including hemorrhagic) or systemic embolism. Safety outcomes are bleeding, liver function abnormalities, and other adverse events. Adjudication of end points is blinded to drug assignment. The trial is expected to accrue a minimum of 450 events with a minimum 1-year of follow-up. RE-LY is the largest AF stroke prevention trial yet undertaken. It is unique because it includes equal numbers of VKA-experienced and naive patients and evaluates 2 different dosages of dabigatran, which may allow tailoring of dosing to individual patient needs. The worldwide site distribution and broad range of stroke risk further increase the general applicability of the trial. Results are expected in 2009.",
"We concluded that patients with septal pacing have significantly higher GLS LV and more modest decreases in GLS RV values than patients with apical pacing. Thus, septal pacing may be not necessarily preferable in patients without significant heart disease undergoing dual-chamber permanent pacemaker implantation.",
"In randomized trials, low-dose (LD) and high-dose (HD) aspirin (ASA) are equally effective in reducing ischemic complications, but HD ASA is associated with an increased risk of bleeding in the setting of dual antiplatelet therapy after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). ASA dose after PCI varies across countries, but little is known about variation within the United States (US) and whether this variation can be explained by clinical characteristics of patients. We used enrollment data from the Dual Antiplatelet Therapy Study, a randomized trial designed to compare 12 versus 30 months of dual antiplatelet therapy after PCI, to quantify the variation in ASA dosing after PCI in the US subjects and assess the extent to which dose variability was attributable to patient characteristics. Of the 23,336 patients enrolled in the US, 28.0% were prescribed LD ASA at discharge after PCI. Patient characteristics explained 1.6% of total variance in ASA dose, whereas the study site accounted for 45.9% of the unexplained variability. The median odds ratio comparing sites was 5.05 (95% confidence interval 4.29 to 5.85), which was greater than any individual predictor of ASA dose. In conclusion, LD ASA after PCI in the US was used in a minority of patients, and heterogeneity in its selection was mainly influenced by the site of enrollment rather than patient characteristics. As HD ASA may be associated with adverse events in the setting of dual antiplatelet therapy, reducing local practice variation in the dose of ASA may be a target for quality improvement.",
"Dipyridamole stress echo performed in brain-dead potential donors with LV resting global or discrete wall motion abnormalities identifies hearts with severe morphologic abnormalities excluded from donation (with fixed response during stress echo) from hearts eligible for donation, showing improvement in regional wall motion during stress (viability response) and normal function and coronary anatomy following transplantation.",
"Treatment with a geranial plus carvenone chemotype of L. alba hydro-alcoholic extract is a cheap, widely available, highly effective therapy to reduce both the intensity and the frequency of headache episodes of migraine patients with no side effects.",
"Post-ictal headaches were most frequent (62%). Pre-ictal headaches were less common (30%). Inter-ictal headaches were described in 57.6%. Clear migrainous features were present in 93% of pre-ictal and 81.4% of post-ictal headaches. Inter-ictal headaches meet criteria for migraines in 87%. The association between partial epilepsy and migraine without aura is most common and reported in 82% of our patients with peri-ictal headache and in 76.5% of patients with post-ictal headache.",
"This study suggests that the evening-dosed BTFC provides better IOP control than that of LTFC over 12 h. However, the IOP difference was small and may not be clinically meaningful.",
"In patients with STEMI undergoing PPCI, double (360 mg) ticagrelor LD failed to achieve a faster and more intense platelet inhibition as compared with the standard prasugrel LD. Intravenously administered aspirin allowed to achieve a very early inhibition of acid arachidonic pathway.",
"AIDS, caused by the retrovirus human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), is the leading cause of death of economically active people (age, 15-59 years) in sub-Saharan Africa. The host genetic variability of immune response to HIV and immune reconstitution following initiation of highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) is poorly understood. Here we focused on copy number variation of the β-defensin genes, which have been shown to have anti-HIV activity, and are important chemoattractants for Th17 lymphocytes via the chemokine receptor CCR6. We determined β-defensin gene copy number for 1002 Ethiopian and Tanzanian patients. We show that higher β-defensin copy number variation is associated with increased HIV load prior to HAART (P=.005) and poor immune reconstitution following initiation of HAART (P=.003). We suggest a model where variable amounts of β-defensin expression by mucosal cells, due to gene copy number variation, alters the efficacy of recruitment of Th17 lymphocytes to the site of infection, altering the dynamics of infection.",
"Patients with ocular hypertension and primary open-angle glaucoma showed no evidence of IOP elevation after 6 weeks use of beclomethasone nasal spray.",
"The present study was performed to evaluate the efficacy of low-dose topiramate and compare it with sodium valproate that is prevalently prescribed as a migraine prophylaxis. This was a randomized, double-blind, parallel-group clinical trial on 56 patients who completed the course of study. Topiramate and valproate were administered at 50 mg/day and 400 mg/day, respectively, during the follow-up period. Frequency, intensity, duration, associated symptoms with headaches, analgesics use, as well as drugs' side effects were studied. Participants completed MIDAS and HIT-6 questionnaires before and after treatment. Frequency, intensity, and duration of migraine headaches as well as MIDAS score and symptomatic medications decreased significantly between repeated follow-up visits in both groups. Responder rate for patients treated with topiramate and valproate were 71.6% and 64.3%, respectively, and the difference between the two groups was not statistically significant. The reduction of headache severity in the topiramate group was significantly more than that in the valproate group (p = .027). During the study, no statistically significant reduction in associated symptoms with migraine were observed in both the groups. Topiramate dose of 50 mg/day with fewer side effects in comparison with its higher doses may be an appropriate substitution for first-line migraine prophylaxis such as valproate.",
"Mean IOP values were significantly lower for patients on travoprost for the majority of time points in the supine position.",
"The CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc score reclassifies 26% of patients with a CHADS(2) score of 1 to a low annual risk of SSE of 1%. This risk seems low enough to consider withholding anticoagulant treatment.",
"No evidence of an increase in the risk of the studied ADs was observable following vaccination with Gardasil within the time periods studied. There was insufficient statistical power to allow conclusions to be drawn regarding individual ADs.",
"The efficacy of a 6-day regimen of frovatriptan for menstrual migraine (MM; attacks starting on day -2 to +3 of menses) prevention in women with difficult-to-treat MM was assessed. Women with a documented inadequate response to triptans for acute MM treatment were included in this placebo-controlled, parallel-group trial. Women were randomized to double-blind treatment for three perimenstrual periods (PMPs) with either frovatriptan 2.5 mg (q.d. or b.i.d.) or placebo initiated 2 days before anticipated MM. The efficacy analysis included 410 women with 85% completing three double-blind PMPs. The mean number of headache-free PMPs was 0.92 with frovatriptan b.i.d., 0.69 with frovatriptan q.d. and 0.42 with placebo [P < 0.001 (b.i.d.) and P < 0.02 (q.d.) vs. placebo]. When migraine occurred, severity was reduced with frovatriptan q.d. (P < 0.001) and b.i.d. (P < 0.001) vs. placebo. Both frovatriptan regimens were well tolerated. In women with difficult-to-treat MM, a 6-day regimen of frovatriptan significantly reduced MM incidence and severity.",
"Clinically significant RHPTX/PHPTX after CT removal is infrequent. Signs not symptoms detect CT removal complications. At our institution, chest radiographs are obtained in a delayed manner from protocol and offer no benefit over clinical assessment.",
"Of the patients, 27% were female (age 72.1 ± 12.6 years) and 73% were male (64.2 ± 12.9 years). 46.8% had comorbidities and they were less likely to receive guideline-recommended drug therapy and reperfusion. Heart failure (adjusted OR 1.88; 95% CI 1.57 to 2.25), metastatic tumours (OR 2.25; 95% CI 1.60 to 3.19), renal diseases (OR 1.84; 95% CI 1.60 to 2.11) and diabetes (OR 1.35; 95% CI 1.19 to 1.54) were strong predictors of in-hospital mortality. In this population, CCI weighted the history of prior myocardial infarction higher (1 instead of -0.4, 95% CI -1.2 to 0.3 points) but heart failure (1 instead of 3.7, 95% CI 2.6 to 4.7) and renal disease (2 instead of 3.5, 95% CI 2.7 to 4.4) lower than the benchmark, where all comorbidities, age and gender were used as predictors. However, the model with CCI and age has an identical discrimination to this benchmark (areas under the receiver operating characteristic curves were both 0.76).",
"This study primarily included subjects whose migraines significantly impacted their lives. Before the study, these subjects used butalbital-containing medications as part of their current migraine treatment regimen and were satisfied with it, suggesting they were butalbital responders who had found a workable treatment strategy for themselves. When treated with SumaRT/Nap versus BCM in this study, however, a significant proportion of subjects reported better treatment outcomes for themselves for both migraine pain and associated symptoms. Use of SumaRT/Nap was also associated with less rescue medication use and a longer time before use of rescue medication compared with both BCM and placebo.",
"In patients at high risk of cardiovascular morbidity, neuraxial block was associated with an increased risk of adverse cardiovascular outcomes, which could be causal or because of residual confounding.",
"Calcidiol, the major circulating metabolite of vitamin D, supports induction of pleiotropic antimicrobial responses in vitro. Vitamin D supplementation elevates circulating calcidiol concentrations, and thus has a potential role in the prevention and treatment of infection. The immunomodulatory effects of administering vitamin D to humans with an infectious disease have not previously been reported. To characterize these effects, we conducted a detailed longitudinal study of circulating and antigen-stimulated immune responses in ninety-five patients receiving antimicrobial therapy for pulmonary tuberculosis who were randomized to receive adjunctive high-dose vitamin D or placebo in a clinical trial, and who fulfilled criteria for per-protocol analysis. Vitamin D supplementation accelerated sputum smear conversion and enhanced treatment-induced resolution of lymphopaenia, monocytosis, hypercytokinaemia, and hyperchemokinaemia. Administration of vitamin D also suppressed antigen-stimulated proinflammatory cytokine responses, but attenuated the suppressive effect of antimicrobial therapy on antigen-stimulated secretion of IL-4, CC chemokine ligand 5, and IFN-α. We demonstrate a previously unappreciated role for vitamin D supplementation in accelerating resolution of inflammatory responses during tuberculosis treatment. Our findings suggest a potential role for adjunctive vitamin D supplementation in the treatment of pulmonary infections to accelerate resolution of inflammatory responses associated with increased risk of mortality.",
"BCG revaccination is still used in some tuberculosis endemic countries. Until now, the little evidence available suggested that BCG revaccination confers very limited additional protection, although there was no information on whether protection depends on the setting and age of revaccination, or if protection increases with time since vaccination. Here we report on an extended follow up of the BCG-REVAC trial, a cluster randomised trial conducted in the Brazilian cities Salvador and Manaus including over 200,000 children aged 7-14 years aimed to evaluate the efficacy of BCG revaccination in children who had received neonatal BCG vaccination. With the extended follow-up (9 years) and the additional cases accrued we now have enough power to report vaccine efficacy separately for the two cities (with different distances from Equator and presumably different prevalence of non-tuberculosis mycobacteria), and by age at vaccination and clinical form. The overall vaccine efficacy was 12% (-2 to 24%) as compared to 9% (-16 to 29%) for the 5-year follow up. Vaccine efficacy was higher in Salvador (19%, 3 to 33%) than in Manaus (1%, -27 to 27%) with the highest vaccine efficacy in children from Salvador aged <11 years at revaccination (33%, 3 to 54%). The findings are in line with the hypothesis that BCG vaccination offers higher efficacy in low NTMb prevalence, and show that revaccination with BCG can offer weak protection in selected subgroups.",
"Proprietary or commercial disclosure may be found after the references.",
"Acupuncture combined with Wenxin granule has a better effect than simple Wenxin granule therapy in the treatment of paroxysmal atrial fibrillation.",
"The aim of this study was to compare the outcomes of transcatheter aortic valve implantation using the Edwards SAPIEN valve and the Medtronic CoreValve in patients with annulus of intermediate size (20 to 25 mm). From October 2008 to April 2012, 662 consecutive patients who underwent transcatheter aortic valve implantation were studied at 2 French centers. After propensity score matching, a total of 192 patients with intermediate-sized aortic annulus who had received either Edwards (n = 96, mean age 82.4 ± 7.9 years, 48% men, 61.9% receiving the 26-mm valve) or CoreValve (n = 96, mean age 82.5 ± 7.7 years, 50% men, 64.6% receiving the 29-mm valve) prostheses through the transfemoral approach were studied. Adequate reduction in postprocedural mean pressure gradients was achieved with the Edwards valve and the CoreValve (10.9 ± 4.7 vs 9.1 ± 4.4 mm Hg, respectively, p <0.01). Major vascular complications (5.2% vs 3.1%, p = 0.36), device success (95.8% vs 93.8%, p = 0.52), and 30-day survival (90.6% vs 89.6%, p = 0.81) were similar. The incidence of postprocedural aortic regurgitation grade ≥2/4 and new pacemaker implantation was more frequent in the CoreValve group (14.3% vs 35.5%, p <0.01, and 4.2% vs 18.8%, p <0.01, respectively). There was no significant difference in 1-year cumulative survival rates in the Edwards valve group compared with the CoreValve group (80.1 ± 4.2% vs 75.6 ± 4.9%, log-rank p = 0.31). In conclusion, in patients with annulus of intermediate size, similar device success and short-term and midterm outcomes were achieved with either of the valves, irrespective of the specific complications related to each valve.",
"Our previous work on the immune-endocrine features of patients with pulmonary tuberculosis (TB) showed markedly decreased plasma levels of dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA) together with augmented concentrations of Cortisol and pro- and anti-inflammatory cytokines. Studies in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) indicated a lower mRNA α/β ratio of glucocorticoid receptors -GR- together with a higher 11β-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 1 (11βHSD1) mRNA expression in cases with severe pulmonary TB. Since Pleural TB (PLTB) is a rather benign manifestation of TB, we now analyzed the systemic and local immune-endocrine profile as well as the GRα, GRβ, 11βHSD1 and 11βHSD2 transcripts in PBMC and pleural effusion mononuclear cells (PEMC) of patients with PLTB. PLTB patients had increased levels of IL-1β, IL-6 and IFNγ together with reduced Cortisol and DHEA concentrations in pleural fluids. Also, a significantly increased expression of 11βHSD1 and GRα was found in PEMC compared to PBMC. Findings point out to an appropriate immune response and a substantial inflammatory reaction, wherein the low Cortisol concentrations may be equally effective, because of the increased expression of GRα and 11βHSD1 transcripts which may optimize the immunomodulatory properties of Cortisol.",
"Both SLT and latanoprost had a significant impact on IOP control and fluctuation. While latanoprost may be more likely to reduce IOP fluctuation, SLT has the benefit of being a one-time intervention not requiring ongoing patient compliance.",
"Converging in vitro evidence and clinical data indicate that oxidative stress may play important roles in Plasmodium falciparum malaria, notably in the pathogenesis of severe anaemia. However, oxidative modifications of the red blood cell (RBC)-membrane by 4-hydroxynonenal (4-HNE) and haemoglobin-binding, previously hypothesized to contribute mechanistically to the pathogenesis of clinical malaria, have not yet been tested for clinical significance. In 349 non-immune Mozambican newborns recruited in a double-blind placebo-controlled chemoprophylaxis trial, oxidative markers including 4-HNE-conjugates and membrane-bound haemoglobin were longitudinally assessed from 2·5 to 24 months of age, at first acute malaria episode and in convalescence. During acute malaria, 4-HNE-conjugates were shown to increase significantly in parasitized and non-parasitized RBCs. In parallel, advanced oxidation protein products (AOPP) rose in plasma. 4-HNE-conjugates correlated with AOPP and established plasma but not with RBC oxidative markers. High individual levels of 4-HNE-conjugates were predictive for increased malaria incidence rates in children until 2 years of life and elevated 4-HNE-conjugates in convalescence accompanied sustained anaemia after a malaria episode, indicating 4-HNE-conjugates as a novel patho-mechanistic factor in malaria. A second oxidative marker, haemoglobin binding to RBC-membranes, hypothesized to induce clearing of RBCs from circulation, was predictive for lower malaria incidence rates. Further studies will show whether or not higher membrane-haemoglobin values at the first malaria episode may provide protection against malaria.",
"This study demonstrates that 0.005% latanoprost ophthalmic solution is noninferior to Xalatan in lowering IOP and is generally well tolerated.",
"Acute coronary syndromes (ACS) in patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) are associated with a high risk for major adverse cardiovascular events (MACEs) despite statin treatment. The impact of combined bezafibrate and statin therapy in patients with DM and ACS has not been specifically investigated. The aim of this study was to evaluate the association of combined therapy with 30-day MACEs in patients with DM participating in the nationwide Acute Coronary Syndrome Israeli Surveys (ACSIS). The study population comprised 3,063 patients with DM from the ACSIS 2000, 2002, 2004, 2006, 2008, and 2010 enrollment waves who were alive at discharge and received statins. Of these, 225 (7.3%) received on discharge combined bezafibrate and statin therapy, and 2,838 (92.7%) were treated with statins alone. MACEs were defined as a composite measure of death, recurrent myocardial infarction, recurrent ischemia, stent thrombosis, ischemic stroke, and urgent revascularization. The development of 30-day MACEs was recorded in 8% patients receiving combination therapy and 14.2% of those receiving statins alone (p = 0.01). Crude 1-year mortality and 30-day rehospitalization rates were also significantly lower in patients receiving combination therapy: 4.0% versus 8.1% (p = 0.03) and 13.3% versus 21.6% (p = 0.003), respectively. Multivariate analysis identified combined therapy as an independent predictor of reduced risk for 30-day MACEs, with an odds ratio of 0.56 (95% confidence interval 0.34 to 0.92), corresponding to a 44% relative risk reduction. In conclusion, a significantly lower risk for 30-day MACEs was observed in statin-treated patients with DM who also received bezafibrate after ACS. Signals regarding improvement of 30-day rehospitalization and 1-year mortality rates emerged as well.",
"Early underwater seal appears to be safe for treating iatrogenic and spontaneous pneumothoraces. It can achieve comparable frequencies of early chest tube removal and avoidance of operation compared with traditional management. A larger, multi-institutional study should be performed to demonstrate that pneumothorax treatment can effectively incorporate small-caliber tubes and underwater seal.",
"HR decrease is common during crizotinib treatment. It remains to be determined whether the correlation between HR decrease and clinical response to crizotinib reflects a biomarker of drug efficacy or a time/cumulative dose-dependent phenomenon.",
"The glucose-lowering efficiency of combination therapy with metformin + vildagliptin, a DPP-4 inhibitor, was comparable with that of a metformin + SU combination, but safer with respect to the risk of developing hypoglycemia. Addition of vildaglptin to metformin monotherapy may cause an additional favorable effect in reducing body weight at the expense of a fat component, with the lean body mass being preserved, and in elevating the level of adiponectin, an adipose tissue-derived antiatherogenic hormone.",
"Patient delay in seeking care for TB in this high HIV prevalence setting is substantial. Factors identified with delay could be used to develop interventions to improve care seeking and earlier diagnosis of TB.",
"The ameliorating effect of high fetal hemoglobin (HbF) levels on the incidence of pain episodes in sickle cell anemia (SCA) is well-known; however, in children this relationship is less clearly established. We hypothesized that higher HbF levels in children with SCA are associated with fewer severe pain episodes. A meta-analysis of data from the Silent Infarct Transfusion Trial (n = 456) and the Cooperative Study of Sickle Cell Disease (n = 764), demonstrated that baseline HbF levels were associated with the incidence of severe pain, commonly defined across studies as an event requiring hospitalization (P-value = 0.02).",
"Ultrasound detection of the "comet-tail artifact" at the anterior chest wall allows complete pneumothorax to be discounted.",
"null",
"null",
"The reduction of macular volume was not enough to explain visual improvement. Optimizing the outcome in patients with diabetic macular edema requires the identification of functional features with a prognostic value.",
"Clinical experience on meropenem-clavulanate to treat tuberculosis (TB) is anecdotal (according to case reports on 10 patients). The aim of our case-control study was to evaluate the contribution of meropenem-clavulanate when added to linezolid-containing regimens in terms of efficacy and safety/tolerability in treating multidrug-resistant (MDR) and extensively drug-resistant (XDR) TB cases after 3 months of second-line treatment. 37 cases with MDR-/XDR-TB were prescribed meropenem-clavulanate (3 g daily dose) in addition to a linezolid-containing regimen (dosage range 300-1200 mg·day(-1)), designed according to international guidelines, which was prescribed to 61 controls. The clinical severity of cases was worse than that of controls (drug susceptibility profile, proportion of sputum-smear positive and of re-treatment cases). The group of cases yielded a higher proportion of sputum-smear converters (28 (87.5%) out of 32 versus nine (56.3%) out of 16; p=0.02) and culture converters (31 (83.8%) out of 37 versus 15 (62.5%) out of 24; p=0.06). Excluding XDR-TB patients (11 (11.2%) out of 98), cases scored a significantly higher proportion of culture converters than controls (p=0.03). One case had to withdraw from meropenem-clavulanate due to increased transaminase levels. The results of our study provide: 1) preliminary evidence on effectiveness and safety/tolerability of meropenem-clavulanate; 2) reference to design further trials; and 3) a guide to clinicians for its rationale use within salvage/compassionate regimens.",
"Although both drugs revealed the same effectiveness, the conversion to sinus rhythm in the group treated with propafenone was observed more quickly despite the longer paroxysmal AF episode duration.",
"At 5 years after treatment, EES compared to PES resulted in durable benefits in composite safety and efficacy measures as well as all-cause mortality. Additionally, the absolute difference in TLR between devices remained stable over time without deterioration of effect during late follow-up.",
"In Latin America, indigenous populations have high rates of non-completion of TB treatment and case fatality and have been defined as a priority group for investments. To evaluate TB control, a retrospective cohort study was performed to identify factors predictive of non-completion of treatment and mortality in an indigenous and non-indigenous population between 2002 and 2008 in Dourados, Brazil. A 90% reduction in non-completion of TB treatment was observed in the indigenous population after DOTS (directly observed treatment, short course) implementation (20% vs 2%). In the non-indigenous population, the number of patients not completing TB treatment continued to increase. Non-indigenous TB patients had 4.5 times higher mortality than indigenous TB patients (9% vs 2%). In multivariate analysis, non-indigenous race [odds ratio (OR) 2.33, 95% CI 1.32-4.10] was associated with non-completion of TB treatment, and HIV-positive status (OR 5.58, 95% CI 2.38-13.07) was associated with mortality. Implementation of DOTS in the indigenous populations in Dourados showed a significant reduction in non-completion of TB treatment. Nevertheless, a high rate of TB in children and young adults indicates the continuous transmission and maintenance of the epidemic in this community. Among the non-indigenous population, the TB case fatality rate is closely linked to the HIV prevalence.",
"Oral anticoagulants are more frequently used in CARD than in MED, plausibly due to greater complexity of MED patients. Stratification of thrombotic and hemorrhagic risk significantly drives the choice for VKA. However the fraction of patients in whom prescription or non-prescription is based on other individual characteristics is not negligible.",
"Primary transcatheter PFO closure resulted in a very significant reduction in migraine in patients satisfying our criteria.",
"The novel imaging technology, Allura Clarity, significantly reduces patient and operator dose in complex EP procedures while maintaining image quality.",
"The cure rates are much lower for multidrug-resistant (MDR) tuberculosis (TB) patients. Delamanid (OPC-67683) has been evaluated in phase-II MDR-TB clinical trials. Herein, we reviewed MDR-TB cases in which treatment regimens, with/without delamanid, were administered. Thirty-eight patients were enrolled; 26 received delamanid-containing regimens (treatment group) while 12 received placebo-containing regimens (control group) for 56 days. Data regarding clinical/radio-microbiological characteristics, drug tolerability, and treatment outcomes were collected. We found that all patients had isolates resistant to a median of 5 (range 2-7) drugs; 24 (92.3%) patients in treatment group and 11 (91.7%) in control group had cavities. Culture conversion was obtained in 32 pulmonary TB cases (median 74.5 days). At data censure, 30/38 patients successfully completed therapy with documented negative cultures for at least 18 months before the end of treatment. Two patients (5 consecutive negative cultures) are still on treatment. Six patients had poor outcome (3 failures/2 lost/1 death). In 13 patients, adverse events were observed that included mental disorder, QT interval prolongation, and increased blood cortisol whereas only 3 patients stopped delamanid treatment because of adverse events. It was, therefore, concluded that delamanid was well-tolerated, had low rates of discontinuation, and could be effective for treating MDR-TB.",
"Oral M. vaccae was safe and has potential as an adjunct immunotherapy, targeting mucosal immunity, to improve efficacy and shorten treatment duration of TB chemotherapy.",
"URL: http://www.ukcrn.org.uk. Unique identifier: UKCRN 4074.",
"Recently, QRS score was shown to be predictive of VT/VF in the SCD-HeFT population consisting of both ischemic and nonischemic HF and having a maximum LVEF of 35% versus 30% for MADIT-II. Our study found that QRS score did not add prognostic value in the MADIT-II population exhibiting relatively more severe cardiac dysfunction.",
"In a large multicentre registry, CTO PCI was frequently performed among patients with prior CABG, with higher use of the retrograde approach and similar complications but lower technical success rates compared to patients without prior CABG.",
"The antisickling action on polymerization of 4-hydroxy-3-metoxybenzaldehyde (Vanillin) was demonstrated in vivo in a double blind, placebo-controlled clinical therapeutic trial performed in 30 patients (11 belonging to the control group), through the increment of the delay time (td). The td was observed in the kinetic curve of the polymerization of the Hb S solution at 26 degrees C and pH 7.4. The kinetics of the Hb S aliquots was monitored by measuring the proton spin-spin magnetic relaxation time (T2) at 4 MHz. The kinetic curve families of the control group showed similarities and the td values remained constant during the 8 weeks of the study. This was not so for the patients treated with Vanillin, for which the td increased on average 1.6 times. On the other hand, the relative variation of drepanocytes observed by the Simple Test decreased 24.50% Both results indicate a decrease in the effectiveness of the polymerization process.",
"Hydroxyurea has been shown to increase fetal hemoglobin (Hb F) production in patients with sickle cell disease and therefore has the potential to alleviate both the hemolytic and vaso-occlusive manifestations of the disease. Preliminary evidence indicates that recombinant human erythropoietin (rhEpo) may also induce Hb F. Three sickle cell anemia patients were treated with escalating doses of intravenous rhEpo and, subsequently, with daily oral hydroxyurea. After the optimal hydroxyurea dose was attained, rhEpo was added again. Two additional patients were treated with hydroxyurea alone. Treatment with rhEp, either alone or in combination with hydroxyurea, had no significant effect on the percentage of F reticulocytes or F cells. In contrast, hydroxyurea treatment was associated with a 1.5-fold to sevenfold increase in F cells and a 2.3- to 27-fold increase in the percentage of Hb F. In the three patients whose response reached a plateau, hydroxyurea treatment was associated with lessened hemolysis, decreased serum bilirubin and lactate dehydrogenase levels, and prolonged 51chromium-labeled RBC survival. Hydroxyurea treatment also resulted in decreased numbers of irreversibly sickled cells and in decreased sickling at partial oxygen saturation, increased oxygen affinity, increased total RBC cation content, and diminished potassium:chloride co-transport. All five patients treated with hydroxyurea experienced a decrease in severity and frequency of painful sickle crises. This study confirms that hydroxyurea therapy increases Hb F production and provides objective evidence of a significant reduction in hemolytic rate and intracellular polymerization. In contrast, rhEpo, either alone or in combination with hydroxyurea, offered no measurable benefit. Based on these encouraging preliminary data, large-scale, controlled clinical trials are warranted to study the safety and efficacy of hydroxyurea in the treatment of sickle cell disease.",
"AZD0837 is an investigational oral anticoagulant which is converted to the active form, AR-H067637, a selective direct thrombin inhibitor. The present study, a multicentre, randomised, parallel-group, dose-guiding study, assessed the safety and tolerability of an immediate-release formulation of AZD0837 compared with dose-adjusted warfarin in the prevention of stroke and systemic embolic events in atrial fibrillation (AF) patients. Two hundred fifty AF patients with at least one additional risk factor for stroke were randomised to receive either immediate-release AZD0837 (150mg twice daily [bid] or 350mg bid, blinded treatment) or dose-adjusted warfarin (international normalised ratio 2.0-3.0, open treatment) for three months. The safety and tolerability of 150mg bid AZD0837 appeared to be as good as that of warfarin. Total bleeding events were six with 150mg bid AZD0837, 15 with 350mg bid AZD0837 and eight with warfarin. Alanine aminotransferase elevations (>3xupper limit of normal) were infrequent, without apparent differences between treatment groups. A numerically higher incidence of serious adverse events was observed with 350mg bid AZD0837 compared with 150mg bid, with six of 13 being cardiac related, all with different diagnoses. An increase in mean serum creatinine of approximately 10% was observed in both AZD0837 groups, which returned to baseline after completion of therapy. There were no strokes, transient ischaemic attacks or cerebral haemorrhages with any of the treatments. In conclusion, the safety and tolerability of 150mg bid immediate-release AZD0837 appeared to be as good as that of dose-adjusted warfarin. However, larger studies will be needed to define the safety profile of AZD0837.",
"Travoprost without BAK has similar IOP-lowering efficacy and safety compared with travoprost preserved with BAK. Both formulations of travoprost have a prolonged duration of action, with statistically and clinically significant reductions from baseline persisting up to 60 hours after the last dose.",
"Overall, subsidizing ACT and retailer training can significantly increase the percentage of outlets stocking and selling AL for the presumptive treatment of malaria, but further research is needed on strategies to improve the provision of counselling advice to retail customers.",
"The QT-response of methadone-users to the "stand-up" test is similar to that of healthy volunteers, not to that of LQTS-patients.",
"Echo-derived pulmonary arterial systolic pressure (PASP) and right ventricular (RV) tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE; from the end of diastole to end-systole) are of basic relevance in the clinical follow-up of heart failure (HF) patients, carrying two- to threefold increase in cardiac risk when increased and reduced, respectively. We hypothesized that the relationship between TAPSE (longitudinal RV fiber shortening) and PASP (force generated by the RV) provides an index of in vivo RV length-force relationship, with their ratio better disclosing prognosis. Two hundred ninety-three HF patients with reduced (HFrEF, n = 247) or with preserved left ventricular (LV) ejection fraction (HFpEF, n = 46) underwent echo-Doppler studies and N-terminal pro-brain-type natriuretic peptide assessment and were tracked for adverse events. The median follow-up duration was 20.8 mo. TAPSE vs. PASP relationship showed a downward regression line shift in nonsurvivors who were more frequently presenting with higher PASP and lower TAPSE. HFrEF and HFpEF patients exhibited a similar distribution along the regression line. Given the TAPSE, PASP, and TAPSE-to-PASP ratio (TAPSE/PASP) collinearity, separate Cox regression and Kaplan-Meier analyses were performed: one with TAPSE and PASP as individual measures, and the other combining them in ratio form. Hazard ratios for variables retained in the multivariate regression were as follows: TAPSE/PASP </≥ 0.36 mm/mmHg [hazard ratio (HR): 10.4, P < 0.001]; TAPSE </≥ 16 mm (HR: 5.1, P < 0.01); New York Heart Association functional class </≥ 3 (HR: 4.4, P < 0.001); E/e' (HR: 4.1, P < 0.001). This study shows that the TAPSE vs. PASP relationship is shifted downward in nonsurvivors with a similar distribution in HFrEF and HFpEF, and their ratio improves prognostic resolution. The TAPSE vs. PASP relationship as a possible index of the length-force relationship may be a step forward for a more efficient RV function evaluation and is not affected by the quality of LV dysfunction.",
"The emergency department (ED) is often where atrial fibrillation (AF) is first detected and acutely treated and affected patients dispositioned. We used the Nationwide Emergency Department Sample to estimate the percentage of visits resulting in hospitalization and investigate associations between patient and hospital characteristics with hospitalization at the national and regional levels. We conducted a cross-sectional study of adults with AF listed as the primary ED diagnosis in the 2007 to 2009 Nationwide Emergency Department Sample. We performed multivariate logistic regression analyses investigating the associations between prespecified patient and hospital characteristics with hospitalization. From 2007 to 2009, there were 1,320,123 weighted ED visits for AF, with 69% hospitalized nationally. Mean regional hospitalization proportions were: Northeast (74%), Midwest (68%), South (74%), and West (57%). The highest odds ratios for predicting hospitalization were heart failure (3.85, 95% confidence interval [CI] 3.66 to 4.02), chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (2.47, 95% CI 2.34 to 2.61), and coronary artery disease (1.65, 95% CI 1.58 to 1.73). After adjusting for age, privately insured (0.77, 95% CI 0.73 to 0.81) and self-pay (0.77 95% CI 0.66 to 0.90) patients had lower odds compared with Medicare recipients, whereas Medicaid (1.21, 95% CI 1.11 to 1.32) patients tended to have higher odds. Patients living in low-income zip codes (1.18, 95% CI 1.12 to 1.25) and patients treated at large metropolitan hospitals (1.75, 95% CI 1.59 to 1.93) had higher odds. In conclusion, our analysis showed considerable regional variation in the management of patients with AF in the ED and in associations between patient socioeconomic and hospital characteristics with ED disposition; adapting best practices from among these variations in management could reduce hospitalizations and health-care expenses.",
"In this short-term multicentric study, latanoprost effectively reduced IOP and stabilised the diurnal curve in Indian eyes. There were no clinically significant ocular or systemic adverse effects.",
"Atrial fibrillation (AF) is an independent predictor of mortality after acute myocardial infarction (AMI). We analyzed the relation between biomarkers linked to myocardial stretch (NT-pro-brain natriuretic peptide [NT-proBNP]), myocardial damage (Troponin-T [TnT]), and inflammation (high-sensitivity C-reactive protein [hs-CRP]) and new-onset AF during AMI to identify patients at high risk for AF. In a prospective multicenter registry of AMI patients (from the Translational Research Investigating Underlying disparities in recovery from acute Myocardial infarction: Patients' Health status registry), we measured NT-proBNP, TnT, and hs-CRP in patients without a history of AF (n = 2,370). New-onset AF was defined as AF that occurred during the index hospitalization. Hierarchical multivariate logistic regression models were used to determine the association of biomarkers with new-onset AF, after adjusting for other covariates. New-onset AF was documented in 114 patients with AMI (4.8%; mean age 58 years; 32% women). For each twofold increase in NT-proBNP, there was an 18% increase in the rate of AF (odds ratio [OR] 1.18, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.03 to 1.35; p <0.02). Similarly, for every twofold increase in hs-CRP, there was a 15% increase in the rate of AF (OR 1.15, 95% CI 1.02 to 1.30; p = 0.02). TnT was not independently associated with new-onset AF (OR 0.96, 95% CI 0.85 to 1.07; p = 0.3). NT-proBNP and hs-CRP were independently associated with new in-hospital AF after MI, in both men and women, irrespective of race. Our study suggests that markers of myocardial stretch and inflammation, but not the amount of myocardial necrosis, are important determinants of AF in the setting of AMI.",
"A fixed combination of Travoprost 0.004% and Timolol 0.5% is as effective as a fixed combination of Latanoprost 0.005% and Timolol 0.5% and are better than Timolol 0.5% in 24-hour IOP control.",
"Regular supraventricular tachycardia (SVT) is frequently encountered in clinical practice. Guidelines are available from the National Service Framework (NSF) for the treatment of patients attending emergency departments (ED) with SVT. These recommend a thyroid-function test (TFT) and arrhythmia electrocardiography (ECG), and referral to a heart-rhythm specialist on discharge. Hospital admission is rarely required. In our multicentre study, we examined the implementation of these guidelines among patients attending the ED with SVT. Only 34% of patients had specialist referrals, with an average wait of 50.3 days (the majority of delays resulted from referral requests from general practitioners). A history of previous SVT, the mode of tachycardia termination, patient age and/or comorbidities were similar for the 27 (23.5%) patients who were admitted overnight. Of these, 15 (13%) of the total 115 patients who attended ED with regular SVT were referred for Holter monitoring despite having ECGs demonstrating arrhythmia. Low referral rates, unnecessary investigations and admissions indicate a need for improvement for better patient care and to minimise healthcare costs. We have formulated a standard operating procedure, which will be available via the College of Emergency Medicine website.",
"Chromaffin granule transmitters such as chromogranin A and catecholamines have been used in the diagnosis of pheochromocytoma, but the diagnostic and prognostic value of chromogranin A have not been explored in malignant pheochromocytoma. We evaluated these transmitters in patients with pheochromocytoma (n=27), both benign (n=13) and malignant (n=14). Patients with benign pheochromocytoma were studied before and after surgical excision (n=6), whereas patients with malignant pheochromocytoma were evaluated before and after combination chemotherapy with regular cycles of cyclophosphamide/dacarbazine/vincristine (nonrandomized trial in n=9). During treatment, patient responses to chemotherapy were divided according to anatomic and clinical criteria: responders (n=5) versus nonresponders (n=4). Plasma chromogranin A rose progressively (P<0.0001) from control subjects (48.0+/-3.0 ng/mL) to benign pheochromocytoma (188+/-40.5 ng/mL) to malignant pheochromocytoma (2932+/-960 ng/mL). Parallel changes were seen for plasma norepinephrine (P<0.0001), though plasma epinephrine was actually lower in malignant than benign pheochromocytoma (P=0.0182). In bivariate analyses, chromogranin A, norepinephrine, and epinephrine discriminated between pheochromocytoma and control subjects (all P<0.0001), whereas in a multivariate analyses, norepinephrine was the best discriminator (P:=0.011). Chromogranin A was significantly different in benign versus malignant pheochromocytoma on both bivariate (P=0.0003) and multivariate (P:=0.011) analyses. After excision of benign pheochromocytoma, chromogranin A (P=0.028), norepinephrine (P=0.047), and epinephrine (P=0.037) all fell to values near normal. During chemotherapy of malignant pheochromocytoma (n=9), plasma chromogranin A (P=0.047) and norepinephrine (P=0.02) fell but not epinephrine. In 5 responders to chemotherapy, there were significant declines in chromogranin A (P=0.03) and norepinephrine (P=0.03) but not epinephrine; in 4 nonresponders, none of the transmitters changed. Plasma chromogranin A varied longitudinally with tumor response and relapse. We conclude that plasma chromogranin A is an effective tool in the diagnosis of pheochromocytoma, and markedly elevated chromogranin A may point to malignant pheochromocytoma. During chemotherapy of malignant pheochromocytoma, chromogranin A can be used to gauge tumor response and relapse.",
"Demographics and baseline characteristics were similar between treatment groups. Treated-baseline mean IOPs at both timepoints were similar between groups (p > or = 0.606). Brimonidine-purite 0.1% provided IOP-lowering that was non-inferior to brimonidine-purite 0.15% at each of the 12 follow-up timepoints, and there were no statistically significant between-group differences at any timepoint. The most commonly reported adverse event was conjunctival hyperemia (13.5% for brimonidine-purite 0.1%; 10.8% for brimonidine-purite 0.15%). No significant differences in the incidence of adverse events were noted between the two formulations.",
"Relapse after topiramate discontinuation in migraine prophylaxis appears to be unaffected by patient characteristics or baseline migraine frequency.",
"A range of stakeholders within and beyond schools play a key role in school based health trials. Community entry and information dissemination strategies need careful planning from the outset, and with on-going consultation and feedback mechanisms established in order to identify and address concerns as they arise. We believe our experiences, and the ethical and practical issues and dilemmas encountered, will be of interest for others planning to conduct school-based research in Africa.",
"In elderly persistent AF patients, catheter ablation is more effective in maintaining SR and in improving QoL than AAD but is affected by a higher risk of embolic complications, particularly in patients with previous TIA/stroke. Over time, Group A patients more likely discontinued AAD with a reduction of long-term adverse events.",
"NSAID ophthalmic solution may partly affect IOP reduction by latanoprost.",
"HbA1c performed better than FPG as a screening tool for newly diagnosed diabetes among subjects with TB.",
"Efficacy of AL in uncomplicated falciparum malaria is similar across body weight dosing groups as currently recommended in the label with no clinically relevant differences in safety or tolerability. AL dosing based on body weight remains advisable.",
"At 7 years of follow-up after initial enrollment, the cumulative rate of death from any cause among patients with left bundle-branch block was 18% among patients randomly assigned to CRT-D, as compared with 29% among those randomly assigned to defibrillator therapy alone (adjusted hazard ratio in the CRT-D group, 0.59; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.43 to 0.80; P<0.001). The long-term survival benefit of CRT-D in patients with left bundle-branch block did not differ significantly according to sex, cause of cardiomyopathy, or QRS duration. In contrast, CRT-D was not associated with any clinical benefit and possibly with harm in patients without left bundle-branch block (adjusted hazard ratio for death from any cause, 1.57; 95% CI, 1.03 to 2.39; P=0.04; P<0.001 for interaction of treatment with QRS morphologic findings).",
"The effects of long-term aspirin for the treatment of sickle cell disease were compared with placebo in a double-blind trial completed by 29 patients. Each patient was submitted to a 5-month period of treatment with aspirin (median dose 31 mg/kg/day) and an equivalent period with placebo. No clinical or laboratory differences were observed between the two phases, including the frequency of painful crises and infectious episodes, hemoglobin concentration, PCV, reticulocytes, Hb F, bilirubin, irreversibly sickled cells, filterability of red cell, sickling in vitro and hypoxia-induced potassium loss.",
"The "local" strategy of left atrial appendage closure is noninferior to "systemic" anticoagulation with warfarin. PROTECT AF has, for the first time, implicated the left atrial appendage in the pathogenesis of stroke in atrial fibrillation.",
"The Seldinger technique is commonly used to change central venous access catheters in the Intensive Care Unit. These catheters are routinely being changed to prevent septic complications. Some of these changes are performed by an "over-wire" technique. To assess the utility of postprocedural chest X-rays on critically ill patients after an over-wire catheter change, we followed 68 patients after they had 80 catheter changes. This study assesses catheter position by use of a postprocedural X-ray. During the study, we found no misplaced catheters and minimum symptomatology in 80 patients. The trauma/critical care fellows performing the procedures rated them as easy in 97.5 percent of the changes. The conclusion of the study is that, if the catheter change is technically easy and the patient has no symptoms, a postprocedural X-ray is not necessary.",
"Cohort review has been used internationally to support tuberculosis (TB) control. We describe its first use in the UK by a London TB service. Improvements were noted in case management and contact tracing, weaknesses identified and important service changes put in place. Key areas of impact were directly observed therapy (DOT) provision (a greater proportion of cases offered DOT, and in response to low uptake resources diverted to create posts responsible for patient-centred DOT delivery), and contact tracing (more contacts per case screened and assessed). Cohort review enables whole system review and improvement. It has subsequently been adopted across the UK.",
"In HORIZONS-AMI, MBG and STR after primary PCI were concordant in only 70% of patients and provided complementary prognostic information. Myocardial blush grade predicted long-term survival, whereas STR predicted freedom from repeated revascularization.",
"Despite the initial enthusiasm, the significant number of patients in whom sildenafil is contraindicated or ineffective is a major challenge to all urologists. Our aim was to determine the safety and efficacy of adjunctive atorvastatin in restoring normal erectile function in hypercholesterolemic (low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol >120 mg per 100 ml) sildenafil nonresponders. The study comprised 131 men with ED not responding to sildenafil citrate. They were randomized either to 40 mg atorvastatin daily (n=66, group 1) or matching placebo (n=65, group 2) for 12 weeks while they were taking on-demand 100 mg sildenafil. Erectile function was subjectively assessed using the 5-item version of the International Index of Erectile Function (IIEF-5) questionnaire and response to the global efficacy question (GEQ). Serum biochemical and lipid profile (total cholesterol, triglycerides, LDL cholesterol and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol) analyses were performed at baseline and repeated at post-treatment weeks 6 and 12. Compared with the placebo group (59 patients, mean age+/-s.d. 61.9+/-6.1, mean years ED 3.9+/-1.8), the atorvastatin group (59 patients, mean age+/-s.d. 63.9+/-6.9, mean years ED 3.7+/-1.6) had significantly greater improvements in all IIEF-5 questions (P=0.01) and GEQ (P=0.001). Subgroup analyses did reveal trends in the atorvastatin group to indicate that a change in the IIEF-5 score is affected by age, severity of ED and baseline serum levels of LDL. Patients with moderate (r=0.28, P=0.01) and severe (r=0.20, P=0.01) ED had better positive response rates to adjunctive atorvastatin than patients with mild to moderate ED. None of the patients taking atorvastatin achieved a response of 5 to the IIEF-5 questions and none of the patients regained normal erectile function as defined by the IIEF-5 score >21. Subjects experienced a statistically significant but modest improvement in erectile function. Further investigation is needed to test the usefulness of long-term atorvastatin administration to restore erectile function in sildenafil nonresponders.",
"We conducted an open, randomized clinical trial of oral dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine (DP) versus artesunate-mefloquine (AM) in 300 patients in Laos with uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria as part of a multicentre study in Asia. Survival analysis and adjustment for re-infection showed that the 63-day cure rates (95% confidence interval [CI]) were 100% for AM and 99.5% (96.4-99.8%) for DP. The 63-day cure rates per protocol were 99% (97 of 98) for AM and 99.5% (196 of 197) for DP (P = 0.55). The difference (AM minus DP) in cure rates (95% CI) was -0.5% (-5.1 to 2.0%), which is within the 5% non-inferiority margin. The median fever and parasite clearance times were also similar for AM and DP. The proportion of patients with at least one recorded potential adverse event was significantly higher in the AM group (38 of 87, 44%) than in the DP group (57 of 182, 31%) (relative risk = 0.6, 95% CI = 0.4-0.9; P = 0.04). Dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine is not inferior to AM in the treatment of uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria in Laos and is associated with fewer adverse effects. The results of this study were similar to those of the larger multicentre study.",
"US Agency for International Development, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, National Institutes of Health/National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, and Korean Ministry of Health and Welfare.",
"Because some febrile patients are unable to swallow or retain oral antipyretic drugs, we carried out a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in which intravenous ibuprofen (IV-ibuprofen) was given to adults hospitalized with fever associated with acute uncomplicated falciparum malaria treated with oral artesunate plus mefloquine. Thirty patients received IV-ibuprofen 400 mg and 30 received placebo every 6 hours for 72 hours. Reduction in the area above 37.0 degrees C versus time curve was significantly greater for IV-ibuprofen than for placebo during the first 72 hours after first administration. No patients developed severe malaria; parasite clearance was delayed in the patients whose fevers were controlled by IV-ibuprofen (median 37.3 hours versus 23.7 hours in the placebo group [P = 0.0024]). This difference did not appear to be clinically important Adverse events, none considered severe, occurred equally in both groups. IV-ibuprofen was effective and well tolerated in reducing fever in febrile inpatients with malaria.",
"Basal RV entrainment from the anteroseptal basal RV is a simple maneuver that is superior to apical ventricular entrainment in identifying the mechanism of SVT.",
"Both migraine and breast cancer are hormonally mediated diseases, and it is biologically plausible that women with a history of migraine may have a reduced breast cancer risk. However, this relationship has only been assessed in a single relatively small study that was unable to assess the effect of migraine triggers, which are also well-established breast cancer risk factors (e.g., use of alcohol and exogenous hormones), on the inverse association observed. Utilizing data on 4,568 breast cancer cases and 4,678 controls who participated in a multicenter population-based case-control study in the United States, we evaluated the association between migraine history and breast cancer risk using unconditional logistic regression. Migraine history data were obtained from structured in-person interviews. Women with a history of migraine had a reduced risk of breast cancer [odds ratio, 0.74; 95% confidence interval (CI), 0.66-0.82]. This risk did not differ by menopausal status, age at migraine diagnosis, use of prescription migraine medications, or when analyses were restricted to women who avoided various migraine triggers (including alcohol, exogenous hormones, and smoking). These data support a previous finding that a history of migraine may be associated with a reduced risk of breast cancer. It extends the prior report in observing that this relationship holds for both premenopausal and postmenopausal women and is independent of exposure to common migraine triggers.",
"The results demonstrated that periodontal treatment improves periodontal status and glycemic control with elevation of serum adiponectin in type 2 diabetic patients. The results suggest that HbA1c is reduced by amelioration of insulin resistance due to elevated serum adiponectin after periodontal treatments.",
"CMR measures of ventricular size and function have acceptable repeatability across serial examinations in patients with repaired TOF. Measurements of RV mass are subject to higher variability. For most parameters, agreement limits are wider when measurements are performed by multiple operators. These results will aid in the interpretation of study-to-study variations in the follow-up of individual patients and in designing future clinical trials.",
"Use of endobronchial valves is an effective, nonsurgical, minimally invasive intervention for patients with prolonged pulmonary air leaks.",
"Despite the differences in age and disease characteristics, the main predictors for 6 months mortality and combined 60 days re-admission and death are largely similar in sub-Saharan Africa as in the rest of the world, with some exceptions such as the association of the HIV status with mortality.",
"Antiretroviral and anti-tuberculosis DILI does occur in our setting, presenting early following HAART initiation. DILI seen is mild, transient and may not require treatment interruption. There is good tolerance to HAART and anti-TB with similar immunological outcomes. Genetic make-up mainly CYP2B6 genotype influences the development of efavirenz based HAART liver injury in Tanzanians.",
"Preservative-free latanoprost has the same efficacy as BPL, with improved local tolerance.",
"Mean age at diagnosis of pheo was 39.5 years (range 14-68 years) in MEN 2A and 32.4 years (range 15-41 years) in MEN 2B patients. Pheo occurred first in 25.1% of the cases (2-15 years before diagnosis of MTC) and after MTC in 40.2% (2-11 years). In other cases (34.7%), MTC and pheo were diagnosed at the same time. Involvement was bilateral in 67.8% of cases. Malignancy was only 4%. Thirty-nine deaths occurred in these 300 patients, 64.1% were linked in pheo, 23.1% to MTC and 12.8% to other causes. Surgery was unilateral in 39.7% of the cases and bilateral adrenalectomy was the first procedure in 48.4%. A bilateral adrenalectomy in two steps had to be done in 11.9% of cases. In conclusion, these results justify systematic and prolonged biochemical screening of pheo during follow-up of MTC and address some questions about the best mode of surgery.",
"Mirabegron 25 mg and 50 mg were associated with significant improvements in efficacy measures of incontinence episodes and micturition frequency. Mirabegron was well tolerated vs placebo.",
"LA pressure, AF type, and LA volume index are independent predictors for recurrence of AF after PVI. LA pressure may be helpful especially in patients with small atria, where AF type is not predictive.",
"TachoSil® was superior to standard stapling and suturing aerostatic techniques in reducing postoperative air leaks in patients undergoing redo thoracic surgery.",
"Anaemia provides independent additional prognostic information to the GRACE score. Combining anaemia with the GRACE score refines its predictive value, which often overestimates the risk.",
"There were 38 (0.7%; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.5% to 1.0%) definite thromboembolic events (31 strokes) within 30 days (median 2 days, mean 4.6 days) after cardioversion. In addition, 4 patients suffered transient ischemic attack after cardioversion. Age (odds ratio [OR]: 1.05; 95% CI: 1.02 to 1.08), female sex (OR: 2.1; 95% CI: 1.1 to 4.0), heart failure (OR: 2.9; 95% CI: 1.1 to 7.2), and diabetes (OR: 2.3; 95% CI: 1.1 to 4.9) were the independent predictors of definite embolic events. Classification tree analysis showed that the highest risk of thromboembolism (9.8%) was observed among patients with heart failure and diabetes, whereas patients with no heart failure and age <60 years had the lowest risk of thromboembolism (0.2%).",
"Treatment for 12 months with BAK-free travoprost after BAK-preserved latanoprost resulted in fewer ocular surface complications, as indicated by the reduced prevalence of SPK and decreased hyperemia, and no clinically relevant changes in IOP. BAK-free travoprost may have beneficial effects on the ocular surface while showing IOP-lowering efficacy comparable with BAK-preserved eye drops.",
"Although vitamin D deficiency is a common feature among patients presenting with active tuberculosis, the full scope of vitamin D action during Mycobacterium tuberculosis (Mtb) infection is poorly understood. As macrophages are the primary site of Mtb infection and are sites of vitamin D signaling, we have used these cells to understand the molecular mechanisms underlying modulation of the immune response by the hormonal form of vitamin D, 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D (1,25D). We found that the virulent Mtb strain H37Rv elicits a broad host transcriptional response. Transcriptome profiling also revealed that the profile of target genes regulated by 1,25D is substantially altered by infection, and that 1,25D generally boosts infection-stimulated cytokine/chemokine responses. We further focused on the role of 1,25D- and infection-induced interleukin 1β (IL-1β) expression in response to infection. 1,25D enhanced IL-1β expression via a direct transcriptional mechanism. Secretion of IL-1β from infected cells required the NLRP3/caspase-1 inflammasome. The impact of IL-1β production was investigated in a novel model wherein infected macrophages were co-cultured with primary human small airway epithelial cells. Co-culture significantly prolonged survival of infected macrophages, and 1,25D/infection-induced IL-1β secretion from macrophages reduced mycobacterial burden by stimulating the anti-mycobacterial capacity of co-cultured lung epithelial cells. These effects were independent of 1,25D-stimulated autophagy in macrophages but dependent upon epithelial IL1R1 signaling and IL-1β-driven epithelial production of the antimicrobial peptide DEFB4/HBD2. These data provide evidence that the anti-microbial actions of vitamin D extend beyond the macrophage by modulating paracrine signaling, reinforcing its role in innate immune regulation in humans.",
"Our study showed that primary PCI was effective in reducing the degree of arrhythmogenic indices such as QTd and TPE. Our findings suggest that ischemia-induced QTd and TPE are important arrhythmogenic parameters responding to successful primary PCI and may be used as markers for successful repercussion.",
"Among patients with atrial fibrillation (AF), the risk of thromboembolism is a significant concern. However, the reported use of warfarin among patients with AF at elevated risk of stroke remains low. In the present study, we have provided information on anticoagulation use reported during the recent Atrial Fibrillation: Focus on Effective Clinical Treatment Strategies (AFFECTS) Registry. Among patients identified by their physician at baseline to be at an increased risk of stroke, as determined from an assessment of the medical history, 74% received warfarin and 29% received aspirin. Post hoc analysis of warfarin use stratified by Congestive heart failure, Hypertension, Age, Diabetes, Stroke, (CHADS(2)) doubled score revealed that at the end of the study, warfarin use was 73% (155 of 213) and 66% (185 of 280) in the rate- and rhythm-control patients with a score of > or = 2, respectively, compared to 60% (183 of 306) and 49% (322 of 662) in the rate- and rhythm-control patients with a score of <2, respectively. The practicing cardiologists who participated in this registry initiated anticoagulation therapy in most of their patients with AF. However, warfarin use is not yet in line with the guidelines and evidence-based recommendations. Patients considered at no risk of stroke appear to have been overprescribed anticoagulant agents, and a considerable portion of high-risk patients did not receive warfarin. In conclusion, these results suggest that continued physician education of appropriate anticoagulation use in patients with AF is needed.",
"As compared with dabigatran, rivaroxaban may increase the risk of hypercoagulability when used during the periprocedural period of AF ablation, suggesting a potential rebound effect of rivaroxaban or a mismatch between its half-life and dose regimen.",
"To our knowledge, this is the first study to demonstrate sex differences in the effect of four SGAs on the QTc interval.",
"IPTc given during the malaria transmission season provided substantial protection against clinical episodes of malaria, malaria infection, and anaemia in children using an LLIN. SP+AQ was safe and well tolerated. These findings indicate that IPTc could make a valuable contribution to malaria control in areas of seasonal malaria transmission alongside other interventions.",
"A prospective comparison was made of the clinical courses of two groups of neonates ventilated according to different protocols: one group at rates of 20 to 40/minute with a one-second IT, and the other at a rate of 60/minute and 0.5 second IT. Other ventilator settings were adjusted within protocol limits to maintain desired blood gas values. Mean starting and highest PIP were lower in the rapid rate group. The results showed no difference in mortality, failure to remain within protocol limits, time requiring respiratory treatment or FiO2 more than 0.6, and incidence of PDA or chronic lung disease. There was a difference (P = 0.011) in number of infants developing pneumothoraces (14% in the rapid group vs 35% in the slow group). Rapid rate ventilation can be used to decrease the incidence of pneumothorax, reserving long IT and higher PIP for infants who cannot be oxygenated or ventilated without them.",
"This study has shown the high efficacy of AS + AQ in Congolese patients of all ages with acute uncomplicated falciparum malaria and serves as the baseline efficacy and tolerance of this ACT in Brazzaville.",
"The results of the multicentre study demonstrate that ASA appears safe and efficacious, with low early mortality. The most frequent major complication after ASA was CHB (17%), which occurred late or was recurrent in almost one-third of these patients; 8% of patients required permanent pacemaker implantation. Independent predictors of CHB development were intraprocedural bundle branch block and age. Difficulty in predicting CHB should lead to close postprocedural monitoring and hospital stays lasting at least 5 days.",
"Intravitreal bevacizumab and triamcinolone are both equally effective in reducing CSRT in early DME. After 6 months, rehabilitation of vision was comparable in both treatment arms, whereas at the final follow-up at month 12, BCVA was superior in the bevacizumab than in the triamcinolone sample. This may be related to cataract development following steroid treatment, as well as to substance-specific mechanisms within the angiogenic versus the inflammatory cascade.",
"A Phase 1 dose escalating study was conducted in malaria naïve adults to assess the safety, reactogenicity, and immunogenicity of the blood stage malaria vaccine BSAM2/Alhydrogel®+ CPG 7909. BSAM2 is a combination of the FVO and 3D7 alleles of recombinant AMA1 and MSP1(42), with equal amounts by weight of each of the four proteins mixed, bound to Alhydrogel®, and administered with the adjuvant CPG 7909. Thirty (30) volunteers were enrolled in two dose groups, with 15 volunteers receiving up to three doses of 40 µg total protein at Days 0, 56, and 180, and 15 volunteers receiving up to three doses of 160 µg protein on the same schedule. Most related adverse events were mild or moderate, but 4 volunteers experienced severe systemic reactions and two were withdrawn from vaccinations due to adverse events. Geometric mean antibody levels after two vaccinations with the high dose formulation were 136 µg/ml for AMA1 and 78 µg/ml for MSP1(42). Antibody responses were not significantly different in the high dose versus low dose groups and did not further increase after third vaccination. In vitro growth inhibition was demonstrated and was closely correlated with anti-AMA1 antibody responses. A Phase 1b trial in malaria-exposed adults is being conducted.",
"We found a decline in adherence to medication after retirement among men and women with hypertension and men with type 2 diabetes. If these findings can be confirmed, we need randomized controlled trials to determine whether interventions to reduce poor adherence after retirement could improve clinical outcomes of treatments for hypertension and diabetes.",
"The primary endpoint per single lesion was significantly lower in the EES group compared with the PES group (-0.03 ± 0.49 mm vs. 0.23 ± 0.51 mm, p = 0.001). Similar results were observed when analyzing all lesions (0.05 ± 0.51 mm vs. 0.24 ± 0.50 mm, p < 0.001). Clinical outcome at 1 year yielded a composite of major adverse cardiac events of 9.2% in the single-arm registry, and 11.1% and 16.5% in the EES and PES randomized groups, respectively (p = 0.30).",
"These results indicate that artesunate plus cotrimoxazole has similar efficacy to artesunate plus chloroquine in the treatment of acute uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria in children resident in an endemic area of south-west Nigeria.",
"Travoprost provided a clinically and statistically significant IOP decrease in uncontrolled COAG patients whose self-reported compliance to their previous topical medication was optimal. Our results suggest that the IOP reduction found after switching to travoprost is not explainable by improved compliance due to the clinical study situation.",
"During atrial fibrillation (AF), multiple wandering propagation wavelets at high rates drift around both atria under controversial hierarchical models. Antiarrhythmic drugs modify the cardiac ionic currents supporting the fibrillation process within the atria, and can alter AF propagation dynamics and even terminate the arrhythmia. However, some other drugs, theoretically nonantiarrhythmic, may slightly block particular cardiac ionic currents through uncertain mechanisms in such a subtle way at regular heart rates that may have been pharmacologically overlooked. These potential effects might be better exposed at much higher activation rates as in AF, where atrial cells depolarize over 400 times per second. In this review, we aimed to compile and discuss results from several studies evaluating the net effect of profound sedation with propofol on atrial cells and atrioventricular (AV) conduction. Propofol is a very commonly used anesthetic agent, and its possible effect on AF dynamics has systematically not been taken into account in the myriad of clinical studies dealing with AF intracardiac recordings. The possible effect of sedation with propofol on AF was evaluated through the analysis of AF propagation patterns before and after its infusion in a series of patients submitted to pulmonary vein ablation. Effect on AV conduction will be discussed as well.",
"Our results clearly indicate a great potential of the NAT2 genotype-guided dosing stratification of isoniazid in chemotherapy for tuberculosis.",
"Our study showed a trend towards a reduced attack rate with verum but did not show any statistically significant efficacy of BoNT-A in the prophylactic treatment of migraine.",
"To improve the treatment of hepatotoxic responses to antituberculosis polychemotherapy, the impact of remaxol on the biochemical indices and parameters of the antioxidant system in patients with tuberculosis and HIV infection was estimated. The use of remaxol having cytoprotective, anticholestatic, antihypoxitic and antioxidant effects in the treatment of patients with tuberculosis and HIV infection and liver drug damage due to tuberculosis polychemotherapy significantly improved the biochemical indices and lowered the level of the cytolytic and cholestatic syndromes. Remaxol increased the antioxidant system potential and had an antihypoxitic effect.",
"In our data, the association between migraine and cardiovascular disease varies by migraine frequency. Significant associations were only found among women with migraine with aura. Ischemic stroke was the only outcome associated with a high-attack frequency while a low-attack frequency was associated with any vascular event. Low number of outcome events should caution the interpretation.",
"Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN67469672 and EudraCT no. 2011-005161-20.",
"This pilot project shows that it is important and feasible to screen patients with TB for DM in the routine setting, resulting in earlier identification of DM in some patients and opportunities for better management of comorbidity. A policy decision has since been made by the National TB Control Programme of India to implement this intervention countrywide.",
"The FCL reflects the electrophysiological properties of the AF substrate and is considered useful for predicting the efficacy of antiarrhythmic agents.",
"One hundred and twenty children with acute uncomplicated malaria who were managed at the children's outpatient department of the Wesley Guild Hospital, Ilesa (a unit of Obafemi Awolowo University Teaching Hospitals' Complex, Ile-Ife, Osun state, Nigeria) were recruited into the study to determine the effects of lime juice on malaria parasite clearance. These children were randomized into treatment with World Health Organization recommended antimalarials (artemisinin combination therapy, ACT) either alone or with lime juice. Nine of them were lost to follow-up, four were in the group that were managed with ACT and lime, and five in the group that were managed on ACT alone. The average (SD) time to achieve >75% reduction in parasite load was significantly lower in patients on ACT and lime; 30.5 ± 2.4 h against 38.6 ± 3.3 h for those on ACT alone (p < 0.001). Also, while a significantly higher proportion of children on antimalarial drugs and lime juice achieved complete parasite clearance by 72 h of therapy (p = 0.007), ten (18.2%) patients without lime had early treatment failure (p = 0.003). There were no side effects with the use of lime juice. It may therefore be inferred, from this preliminary work, that lime juice when used with the appropriate antimalarial may enhance malaria parasite clearance especially in those with uncomplicated malaria.",
"Through experiment on animals and clinical trials, we can found that hypoglycemic anti-deafness capsules could decrease blood glucose and serum triglycerides of alloxan-induced diabetic rats. This herbal capsule is effective for safely treating diabetic patients with deafness.",
"Safe, effective concomitant treatment regimens for tuberculosis (TB) and HIV infection are urgently needed. Bedaquiline (BDQ) is a promising new anti-TB drug, and efavirenz (EFV) is a commonly used antiretroviral. Due to EFV's induction of cytochrome P450 3A4, the metabolic enzyme responsible for BDQ biotransformation, the drugs are expected to interact. Based on data from a phase I, single-dose pharmacokinetic study, a nonlinear mixed-effects model characterizing BDQ pharmacokinetics and interaction with multiple-dose EFV was developed. BDQ pharmacokinetics were best described by a 3-compartment disposition model with absorption through a dynamic transit compartment model. Metabolites M2 and M3 were described by 2-compartment models with clearance of BDQ and M2, respectively, as input. Impact of induction was described as an instantaneous change in clearance 1 week after initialization of EFV treatment and estimated for all compounds. The model predicts average steady-state concentrations of BDQ and M2 to be reduced by 52% (relative standard error [RSE], 3.7%) with chronic coadministration. A range of models with alternative structural assumptions regarding onset of induction effect and fraction metabolized resulted in similar estimates of the typical reduction and did not offer a markedly better fit to data. Simulations to investigate alternative regimens mitigating the estimated interaction effect were performed. The results suggest that simple adjustments of the standard regimen during EFV coadministration can prevent reduced exposure to BDQ without increasing exposures to M2. However, exposure to M3 would increase. Evaluation in clinical trials of adjusted regimens is necessary to ensure appropriate dosing for HIV-infected TB patients on an EFV-based regimen.",
"Polyclonal infection and clarithromycin resistance may be involved in disease progression. ISMav6 inserted into the cfp29 gene is also suggested to be a factor related to the deterioration of pulmonary Mycobacterium avium complex disease.",
"When using the expert system, clinically important and statistically significant decreases in time to detection and time to treatment were observed for the endotracheal tube cuff Leak scenario. The observed differences in the other 3 scenarios were much smaller and not statistically significant. Further evaluation is required to confirm the clinical utility of real-time expert systems for anesthesia.",
"Hypoxia is a major factor in delayed wound healing. The aim of this prospective, randomized, clinical trial was to compare outcomes of treatment in persons with chronic diabetic foot ulcers (DFUs) randomly assigned to transdermal continuous oxygen therapy (TCOT) for 4 weeks as an adjunct to standard care (debridement, offloading, and moisture). Nine patients (age 58.6±7.1, range 38-73 years) received TCOT (treatment group) and eight patients (age 59.9±12.6, range 35-76 years) received standard care alone (control group). Most patients (12) were male, and all had a Wagner I or II foot ulcer for an average of 14 (control group) or 20 months (treatment group). Weekly wound measurements and wound tissue biopsies were obtained and wound fluid collected. Levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines and proteases in wound fluid samples were analyzed using Luminex-based multiplex assays. Tissue-resident macrophages were quantified by immunohistochemistry. At week 4, average wound size reduction was 87% (range 55.7% to 100%) in the treatment group compared to 46% (15% to 99%) in the control group (P <0.05). Changes in cytokine levels (IL-6, IL-8) and proteinases (MMP-1,-2,-9, TIMP-1) at weeks 2 to 4 in wound fluid correlated with clinical findings. CD68+ macrophage counts showed statistically significant reduction in response to TCOT compared to the control group (P <0.01). The results of this study show that TCOT may facilitate healing of DFUs by reversing the inflammatory process through reduction in pro-inflammatory cytokines and tissue-degrading proteases. Additional research to elucidate the effects of this treatment on complete healing and increase understanding about the role of wound fluid analysis is needed.",
"A substantial number of new and previously treated cases harbour MDR-TB. We recommend DST at least for previously treated cases, patients who remain smear-positive at the end of the second month of treatment and patients in close contact with MDR-TB cases. Improved infection control measures need to be implemented in Ethiopia.",
"Our results indicate that BTX-A improved the sharp/shooting type of pain most commonly known to be associated with occipital neuralgia. Additionally, the quality of life measures assessing burden and long-term impact of the headaches, further corroborated improvement seen in daily head pain.",
"Aspirin appears to be safe to continue with during trabeculectomy. Patients on aspirin have an increased risk of hyphaema following trabeculectomy. This however does not appear to affect surgical outcome. Warfarinised patients are at risk of serious bleeding complications. They require careful monitoring pre- and postoperatively and are at risk of trabeculectomy failure.",
"Intravenous esmolol, amiodarone and diltiazem are all equally effective and safe on controlling rapid ventricular rate in patients with atrial fibrillation during the anesthesia period. Esmolol use is associated with the shortest mean reacting time and amiodarone use is associated with the lowest total side effect rate in this patient cohort.",
"The IFFANIAM study (Impact of frailty and functional status in elderly patients with ST segment elevation myocardial infarction undergoing primary angioplasty) is an observational multicenter registry to assess the impact of frailty and functional status on outcomes of elderly patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) undergoing primary angioplasty. STEMI patients age 75 years or older undergoing primary angioplasty will be extensively studied during admission in 4 tertiary care Hospitals in Spain, assessing their baseline functional status (Barthel index, Lawton-Brody index), frailty (Fried criteria, FRAIL scale [fatigue, resistance, ambulation, illnesses, and loss of weight]), comorbidities (Charlson index), nutritional status (Mini Nutritional Assessment-Short Form), and quality of life (Seattle Angina Questionnaire). Participants will be managed according current recommendations. The primary outcome will be the description of 1-year mortality, its causes, and associated factors. Secondary outcomes will be functional capacity and quality of life. Results will help to better understand the impact of frailty and functional ability on outcomes in elderly STEMI patients undergoing primary angioplasty, thus potentially contributing to improving their clinical management. Higher life expectancy has resulted in a large segment of elderly population and an increase in myocardial infarction in these patients. This calls attention to healthcare systems to focus on promoting methods to improve the clinical management of this population.",
"The consumption of skim milk enriched with olive oil increases the HDL cholesterol and apolipoprotein A-I levels in children with hypercholesterolemia, this effect being more intense in carriers of the B1B1 genotype.",
"This objective of this study was to determine benefit of one month combined supplementation (zinc, vitamin A, fish oil) along with anti-tuberculosis drugs (ATD) on increasing serum leptin levels and decreasing tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) in children with tuberculosis (TB). A quasi experimental study was conducted on 22 children (aged 5-14 years) with a positive acid-fast bacilli (AFB) smear. The children were divided into 2 groups. A history, physical examination, anthropometric measurements, serum leptin levels, TNF-alpha levels, retinol and zinc levels were examined in all subjects before and after treatment. Nutritional supplementation and ATD were given to group I while ATD only were given to group II. The change in leptin, TNF-alpha, retinol and zinc levels were analyzed with the Mann-Whitney test, while a t-test was used to determine changes in body mass index (BMI). Group I had a higher significant increase in serum leptin levels than group II (p=0.034). Group I had a significantly greater decrease in TNF-a levels than group II (p=0.032). No significant differences in retinol or zinc levels were seen between the two, but both groups had an increase after treatment. Both groups had a significant increase in BMI (p=<0.001) post-treatment compared to pre-treatment. Supplementation with zinc, vitamin A and fish oil is associated with a significant increase in leptin levels and a significant decrease in TNF-alpha levels among children treated for TB. No significant benefit was seen in BMI among children receiving supplementation compared to those without it, although ATD resulted in a significant increase in BMI in both groups.",
"Postprocedural AR≥grade 2 was observed in 15.8% of successful TAVR and was the strongest independent predictor of 1-year mortality. The use of the SE device was a powerful independent predictor of postprocedural AR≥grade 2.",
"The aim of this study was to prepare fast-disintegrating tablets (FDTs) of diclofenac potassium with sufficient integrity as well as a pleasant taste, using two different fillers and binders: Tablettose 70(®) and Di-Pac(®). Tablets were made with direct compression method. Tablet properties such as porosity, hardness, and disintegration time were determined. Diclofenac potassium determinations were carried out using a validated spectrophotometric method for the analysis of drug. Furthermore, in vivo experiments were carried out to compare the analgesic effect and the time to relieve migraine headache between the commercial tablets and FDTs of diclofenac potassium against placebo. Results showed that FDTs of diclofenac potassium with durable structure and desirable taste can be prepared using both fillers and binders but tablets prepared with Di-Pac had a better taste so the tablet formulation containing Di-Pac was chosen for in vivo experiments. Placebo controlled in vivo trial demonstrated that 50 mg diclofenac potassium, administered as a single dose of FDTs or commercial tablets, was effective in relieving the pain and both of them were superior to placebo.",
"The study demonstrates the feasibility, safety, and reproducibility of the new surgical method of PRA both when it is employed in the early phase of invention, as well as when performed by surgeon-learners. After comprehensive training, the operative time and conversion rate are dramatically reduced, allowing for a short learning period.",
"Quinidine for pharmacological cardioversion of AFib is safe and well tolerated in this subset of patients.",
"The combination of amiodarone and metoprolol produces better effect than amiodarone or metoprolol alone in the treatment of CHF complicated by ventricular arrhythmia.",
"This study provides Class 1A evidence that onabotulinumtoxinA treatment reduces headache impact and improves HRQoL.",
"Mass screening and treatment for latent tuberculosis had no significant effect on tuberculosis control in South African gold mines, despite the successful use of isoniazid in preventing tuberculosis during treatment. (Funded by the Consortium to Respond Effectively to the AIDS TB Epidemic and others; Thibela TB Current Controlled Trials number, ISRCTN63327174.).",
"This study demonstrates that artemisinin-based combinations are still effective and tolerated in the treatment of uncomplicated malaria in children younger than 5 years in Bangui. Treatment failures were due to new infections and mutations in resistance markers.",
"1. A difference in mortality predictor pattern appeared in diabetic patients treated by PD and HD. 2. In the PD group more advanced age had a decisive negative impact on survival whereas in the HD group the outlook was dependent on factors related to nutrition and inflammation. 3. Elevated cholesterol level was associated with survival benefit in HD patients, being a common abnormality in the PD group, without positive prognostic significance.",
"This study reinforces the A1c-Derived Average Glucose (ADAG) group finding that the relationship between HbA1c and glucose is similar in non-Hispanic black and white adults with type 2 diabetes.",
"In many high-risk populations, access to tuberculosis (TB) diagnosis and treatment is limited and pockets of high prevalence persist. We estimated the cost-effectiveness of an extensive active case finding program in areas of Cambodia where TB notifications and household poverty rates are highest and access to care is restricted. Thirty operational health districts with high TB incidence and household poverty were randomized into intervention and control groups. In intervention operational health districts, all household and symptomatic neighborhood contacts of registered TB patients of the past two years were encouraged to attend screening at mobile centers. In control districts, routine passive case finding activities continued. The program screened more than 35,000 household and neighborhood contacts and identified 810 bacteriologically confirmed cases. The cost-effectiveness analysis estimated that in these cases the reduction in mortality from 14% to 2% would result in a cost per daily adjusted life year averted of $330, suggesting that active case finding was highly cost-effective.",
"In clinical practice, timolol and latanoprost achieve similar IOP reductions that are comparable to those achieved in randomized trials. No clinically relevant information for glaucoma management can be used to predict IOP reduction accurately.",
"Both iron deficiency and overload exist in TB patients and may contribute to disease progression and poor clinical outcomes. Strategies to maintain normal iron status in TB patients could be helpful to reduce TB morbidity and mortality.",
"Bradycardic complications are rare and usually benign after cardioversion of acute AF. They seem to reflect sinus node dysfunction and often result in later implantation of a permanent pacemaker.",
"Therapeutic doses of gabapentin not only alleviate neuropathic symptoms but also improve cardiac autonomic function in diabetic patients with peripheral neuropathy.",
"Spontaneous pneumothorax (SP) is a disabling condition mostly affecting young, thin and otherwise healthy males. It is usually caused by ruptured pleural blebs. The first treatment is the insertion of a chest tube (ICT) but in a great number of patients there is recurrence of the disease. We believe that the video assisted thoracoscopy (VATS) is the best treatment possible because it allows us to treat the ruptured bleb radically avoiding any recurrence. In order to prove it, 40 patients admitted in a five-year period, with a SP, were randomly assigned to be treated by ICT or VATS. The ICT patients were in the hospital a mean time of 7.5 (4 to 15) days and the VATS patients, 5.3 (2 to 7) days (P < .05). ICT patients required analgesic drugs during 76.8 +/- 31 hours and VATS patients 38.4 +/- 13 hours (p < .05). From the ICT group, 8 (53%) patients had recurrence of the disease and 6 (40%) had a prolonged air leak, while none of the patients of the VATS group had any complication (< .001). Cost of ICT and VATS were $ 850 and $ 1730, respectively. According to these results, VATS should be the treatment of choice in SP patients. It treats the cause of the disease. It also reduces the hospitalization time, the use of analgesic drugs post surgery, decreases recurrence of the disease and the cost of the treatment. Moreover, the patients were back to work in less than 10 days.",
"Prior-CABG patients presenting with acute coronary syndrome are a high-risk cohort for death and recurrent cardiovascular events but have a lower risk for major bleeding. Similar to the results in no-prior-CABG patients, ticagrelor was associated with a reduction in ischemic events without an increase in major bleeding.",
"These results suggest that changes in the levels of hypothalamic orexinergic peptides may contribute to body weight increase occurring in migraineurs during amitryptiline or flunarizine prophylactic treatment.",
"Continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion appears to be more cost-effective for the Bulgarian pediatric population and health care system.",
"Diabetic patients could do as well as non-diabetic patients without inflammation on peritoneal dialysis. Active strategies should be implemented to improve inflammation status in diabetic patients on PD.",
"The fissureless technique appears to be a superior approach for fused fissures in terms of both preventing persistent air leak and reducing the length of hospitalisation. This technique can be performed safely at no additional cost and without adverse consequences.",
"National Institutes of Health, the National Health Laboratory Service Research Trust, the Medical Research Council of South Africa, and Wellcome Trust.",
"Multi-institutional analysis revealed advanced age as a predictor of increased mortality after CF LVAD implantation. Careful patient selection is critical in the elderly to optimize long-term outcomes after CF LVAD implantation.",
"In conclusion, our study shows that PON1 Q192R genotype does not modify the efficacy and safety of clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndromes. Further studies are needed to confirm or refute the association of the Q allele with adverse cardiovascular events independent of clopidogrel in secondary prevention patients.",
"Non-fatal strokes increased mortality in ACTIVE-W, but non-disabling strokes did not. Among major bleeding events, only those also classified as severe increased mortality. Future research should emphasize the prevention of disabling strokes and severe bleeds and place less emphasis on non-disabling stroke or major bleeds that are not severe.",
"To compare the short-term effectiveness and ocular side-effects of fixed combinations of dorzolamide/timolol (DTFC) and brimonidine/timolol (BTFC) in patients with primary open-angle glaucoma (POAG). Forty-two eyes of 42 patients newly diagnosed with primary open-angle glaucoma were assessed prospectively. One of the two eyes was chosen randomly and treated with DTFC (2 × 1) for 4 weeks. The treatment was then stopped to allow a 4-week wash-out period. Following the wash-out period, the same eye was treated with BTFC (2 × 1) for 4 weeks. Intraocular pressure (IOP) values were measured before and after each treatment at 0800, 1,200 and 1,600 h. Tear function test results and ocular side-effects were also recorded. The mean baseline IOP values for DTFC and BTFC were 24.1 ± 1.8 and 24.6 ± 2.4 mmHg, respectively. The mean IOP values after 4 weeks of treatment with DTFC or BTFC were 17.1 ± 2.9 and 16.9 ± 2.5 mmHg, respectively. Both medications reduced IOP values significantly (P = 0.0000). The effectiveness of both medications was similar (P = 0.7363). Both combinations significantly reduced the amount of tear secretion and tear break-up time (P = 0.0000). Eye burning was more common with DTFC than with BTFC (P = 0.0182). Other adverse effects were observed at similar rates for both combinations. This study demonstrated that the IOP-reducing effects of DTFC and BTFC in patients with POAG are similar. The side-effect profile of BTFC is similar to that of DTFC. Lower occurrence of a burning sensation may improve patient compliance in the BTFC group.",
"The prevalence of newly revealed abnormal, asymptomatic ABI among patients who have significant CAD on coronary angiography was 15.9%. The presence of abnormal ABI was associated with a higher incidence of adverse clinical outcomes over 3 years.",
"The presence of a coexisting CTO in patients undergoing PPCI for STEMI is associated with adverse clinical outcomes; further work is required to improve prognosis in these patients, which may include early staged revascularization of the non-IRA CTO.",
"In epicardially paced CCAVB newborns, the ERS amplitude decreased significantly during the first year. ERS decrease was the most common reason for AC failure. At 1-year follow-up, AC was functional in only 53% of patients, although it could originally be activated in all patients. During the first year of follow-up, special attention to AC parameters is recommended in this subgroup of pediatric pacemaker patients.",
"Undiagnosed diabetes and prediabetes were common among high-risk non-ST-segment elevation ACS patients. Routine screening for undiagnosed diabetes may be useful since these patients seem to have worse short-term outcomes and deserve consideration of alternative management strategies.",
"In previous analyses of primary efficacy data from two randomized clinical trials, standard dosing regimens of the dorzolamide/timolol fixed combination (COSOPT) and latanoprost (XALATAN) were shown to have equivalent efficacy with regard to reduction in mean daytime diurnal intraocular pressure (IOP). We performed additional post hoc analyses of pooled data from these studies to compare further the efficacy of the two treatments. The studies used identical 3-month, parallel group, randomized, observer-masked and patient-masked, multicenter designs. Patients with a baseline IOP > or = 24 mm Hg were randomized to either the 2% dorzolamide/0.5% timolol combination eye drops twice daily (n = 273) or 0.005% latanoprost eye drops once daily (n = 271). The IOP measurements were made at 8 AM, 10 AM, 2 PM, and 4 PM at the baseline visit and then on each of the 3 monthly assessment days. The following measures were analyzed on a post hoc basis: 1) percentages of patients meeting target levels of IOP reduction; 2) mean IOP reduction in those patients with high IOP (> or =30 mmHg) at baseline; 3) mean IOP at each of the assessment time points during a day. A total of 259 patients in the dorzolamide/timolol group and 268 patients in the latanoprost group were included in the efficacy analysis. At 3 months, both treatments showed similar efficacy with regard to the percentages of patients who achieved target levels of IOP reduction (e.g., 40% IOP reduction in 15% of dorzolamide/timolol combination patients and 13% of latanoprost patients), mean IOP reduction in those patients with high IOP at baseline (dorzolamide/ timolol combination, 12.5 mmHg, latanoprost, 12.6 mmHg), and mean IOP at each time point during the day. By the measures used in this analysis, the dorzolamide/timolol combination and latanoprost were equally effective at lowering IOP in patients with ocular hypertension or glaucoma.",
"The objectives of this study are to assess the efficacy and safety of frovatriptan, and rizatriptan in the subgroup of women with menstrually related migraine of a multicenter, randomized, double blind, cross-over study. Each patient received frovatriptan 2.5 mg or rizatriptan 10 mg in a randomized sequence: after treating 3 episodes of migraine in not more than 3 months with the first treatment, the patient had to switch to the other treatment. Menstrually related migraine was defined according to the criteria listed in the Appendix of the last IHS Classification of Headache disorders. 99 out of the 125 patients included in the intention-to-treat analysis of the main study were of a female gender: 93 had regular menstrual cycles and were, thus, included in this analysis. A total of 49 attacks classified as menstrually related migraine were treated with frovatriptan and 59 with rizatriptan. Rate of pain relief at 2 h was 58% for frovatriptan and 64% for rizatriptan (p = NS), while rate of pain free at 2 h was 31 and 34% (p = NS), respectively. At 24 h, 67 and 81% of frovatriptan-treated, and 61 and 74% of rizatriptan-treated patients were pain free and had pain relief, respectively (p = NS). Recurrence at 24 h was significantly (p < 0.01) lower with frovatriptan (10 vs. 32% rizatriptan). Frovatriptan was as effective as rizatriptan in the immediate treatment of menstrually related migraine attacks while showing a favorable sustained effect with a lower rate of migraine recurrence. These results need to be confirmed by randomized, double-blind, prospective, large clinical trials.",
"LPV/r-based ART was not associated with worse virologic efficacy, immunologic efficacy, or adverse event rates compared with NNRTI-based ART. Considering these results and the reduction in malaria incidence associated with LPV/r previously reported for this trial, wider use of LPV/r to treat HIV-infected African children in similar malaria-endemic settings could be considered.",
"Radiofrequency ablation treatment of early-stage NSCLC seems to be a effective minimally invasive therapy even in the long-term period, particularly for stage Ia tumors.",
"Extension of P1 is very inefficient with this 6-month regimen. Operational research should define appropriate algorithms allowing an earlier switch to the next higher regimen for those in need, using follow-up smears for screening.",
"We performed a descriptive analysis of acute and potentially life-threatening tropical diseases among 82,825 ill western travelers reported to GeoSentinel from June of 1996 to August of 2011. We identified 3,655 patients (4.4%) with a total of 3,666 diagnoses representing 13 diseases, including falciparum malaria (76.9%), enteric fever (18.1%), and leptospirosis (2.4%). Ninety-one percent of the patients had fever; the median time from travel to presentation was 16 days. Thirteen (0.4%) patients died: 10 with falciparum malaria, 2 with melioidosis, and 1 with severe dengue. Falciparum malaria was mainly acquired in West Africa, and enteric fever was largely contracted on the Indian subcontinent; leptospirosis, scrub typhus, and murine typhus were principally acquired in Southeast Asia. Western physicians seeing febrile and recently returned travelers from the tropics need to consider a wide profile of potentially life-threatening tropical illnesses, with a specific focus on the most likely diseases described in our large case series.",
"Sickle-cell disease (SCD) patients are at high risk of developing malaria which is a major contributor to morbidity and mortality in this disease. In Senegal, malaria transmission is high during rainy season, between July and October, and it was noted that sickle-cell crisis are frequent during this period. Then we carried out a double-blind randomized controlled trial to compare the impact of monthly sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine (SP) during the high-transmission season versus placebo on malaria incidence and morbidity of sickle-cell anemia. Sixty (60) SCD patients were randomized either to receive three intermittent preventive treatment (ITP) with SP or placebo using the random permutation table with nine elements. The drug was administrated as follows: sulfadoxine 25 mg/kg and pyrimethamine 1.25 mg/kg and this treatment was given once during the following months: September, October, and November. Overall four episodes of malaria disease were diagnosed, all these cases in the placebo arm. Thus, overall prevalence was 6.6% and there was no other case of malaria in the SP arm during the study period. Parasitological diagnosis confirmed the presence of Plasmodium falciparum in all four cases. No patient death was encountered during the study. SP treatment was well tolerated as only one patient (1.6%) in the SP arm reported pruritus. A significant reduction of patients' complaints (p = 002) and blood requirements (p = 0.001) was noted in the SP group; whereas, no impact was observed on vaso-occlusive crisis and hospitalization occurrence. Malaria prophylaxis by monthly intake of SP during the transmission period of the parasite reduced the prevalence of malaria and was safe in SCD patients leaving in malaria endemic area.",
"The aim of this study was to analyze possible existing correlations among the three dimensions of the sense of coherence (SOC), as a psychosocial risk factor, and some other cardiovascular risk factors in a group of primary care patients. Seventy-one persons at high cardiovascular risk were identified by their general practitioners and invited to answer the 13 questions included in the Antonovsky's SOC questionnaire. Psychosocial risk evaluation, performed with SOC analysis, may provide an important added value in the identification of behavioral changes and cardiovascular risk reduction.",
"Changing the procedural strategies by adaptating them to the anatomical characteristics improved the outcomes of the CTI ablation.",
"Adjunctive dorzolamide therapy to morning-dosed bimatoprost 0.03% reduced diurnal IOP and vascular resistance in the ophthalmic artery but did not alter retinal circulation in this group of patients with POAG.",
"Diagnosing pleural tuberculosis (plTB) might be difficult due to limited sensitivity of conventional microbiology tools. As M. tuberculosis (MTB)-specific T cells are recruited into pleural space in plTB, their detection may provide useful clinical information. To this aim, in addition to standard diagnostic tests, we used the QuantiFERON-TB Gold In-Tube (QFT-IT) test in blood and pleural effusion (PE) samples from 48 patients with clinical suspicion of plTB, 18 (37.5%) of whom had confirmed plTB. Four of them (22.2%) tested positive with a nucleic acid amplification test for MTB. The tuberculin skin test was positive in most confirmed plTB cases (88.9%). Positive QFT-IT tests were significantly more frequent in patients with confirmed plTB, as compared to patients with an alternative diagnosis, both in blood (77.7 vs 36.6%, p=0.006) and in PE samples (83.3% vs 46.6%, p=0.02). In addition, both blood and PE MTB-stimulated IFN-gamma levels were significantly higher in plTB patients (p=0.03 and p=0.0049 vs non-plTB, respectively). In blood samples, QFT-IT had 77.8% sensitivity and 63.3% specificity, resulting in 56.0% positive (PPV) and 82.6% negative (NPV) predictive values. On PE, QFT-IT sensitivity was 83.3% and specificity 53.3% (PPV 51.7% and NPV 84.2%). The optimal AUC-derived cut-off for MTB-stimulated pleural IFN-gamma level was 3.01 IU/mL (77.8% sensitivity, 80% specificity, PPV 68.4% and NPV 82.8%). These data suggest that QFT-IT might have a role in ruling out plTB in clinical practice.",
"Pheochromocytomas (PHEOs) are neuroendocrine tumours, originating from chromaffin cells in the adrenal medulla. They are either sporadic or hereditary. It is important to identify the hereditary cases, so that patients and relatives with germline mutations can be offered regular surveillance. The objective of this study was the detection of pathogenic germline mutations in a cohort of Norwegian PHEO patients. Blood samples and/or formalin-fixed, paraffin-embedded tissue specimens, were collected from 60 patients who were operated upon between 1986 and 2004 at two university hospitals in Norway. DNA mutation analyses were performed successfully in the 42 blood samples and in one of the paraffin-embedded tissue specimen in VHL, RET, SDHB, SDHC, SDHD and NF1. In all, 32 different DNA variants were observed, of which 8 were classified as pathogenic (19 %), or possibly pathogenic; three in NF1, two in RET and VHL and one in SDHB. Two variants were observed in one patient, one in SDHB and one in NF1. Three of these variants are, to the best of our knowledge, new ones; two in NF1 [c.950_51insGCTGA, (p.Glu318LeufsX59) and c.1588G > A, (p.Val530Ile)] and one in VHL (c.308C > T, p.Pro103Leu). In conclusion the overall incidence of germline mutations in genes associated with familial PHEO was found to be of the same order of magnitude in the present Norwegian series as in those from other countries. Two new NF1 variants and one new VHL gene variant were detected.",
"Quality of life is an important factor predicting 1-year survival in patients with ICDs. ACE medication and younger age also predict 1-year survival independent of QOL and each other.",
"Within the statistical limitations of the present study, treatment of uLMCA lesions with a ZES or an EES provided comparable clinical and angiographic outcomes at 1-year follow-up.",
"Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGB) improves glycemic control within days after surgery, and changes in insulin sensitivity and β-cell function are likely to be involved. We studied 10 obese patients with type 2 diabetes (T2D) and 10 obese glucose-tolerant subjects before and 1 week, 3 months, and 1 year after RYGB. Participants were included after a preoperative diet-induced total weight loss of -9.2 ± 1.2%. Hepatic and peripheral insulin sensitivity were assessed using the hyperinsulinemic- euglycemic clamp combined with the glucose tracer technique, and β-cell function was evaluated in response to an intravenous glucose-glucagon challenge as well as an oral glucose load. Within 1 week, RYGB reduced basal glucose production, improved basal hepatic insulin sensitivity, and increased insulin clearance, highlighting the liver as an important organ responsible for early effects on glucose metabolism after surgery. Insulin-mediated glucose disposal and suppression of fatty acids did not improve immediately after surgery but increased at 3 months and 1 year; this increase likely was related to the reduction in body weight. Insulin secretion increased after RYGB only in patients with T2D and only in response to oral glucose, underscoring the importance of the changed gut anatomy.",
"The aim of this trial is to determine whether a 5 minute systemic injection of sodium nitrite, administered immediately before opening of the infarct related artery, results in significant reduction of IRI in patients with first acute ST elevation myocardial infarction (MI). The primary clinical end point is the difference in infarct size between sodium nitrite and placebo groups measured using cardiovascular magnetic resonance imaging (CMR) performed at 6-8 days following the AMI and corrected for area at risk (AAR) using the endocardial surface area technique. Secondary end points include (i) plasma creatine kinase and Troponin I measured in blood samples taken pre-injection of the study medication and over the following 72 hours; (ii) infarct size at six months; (iii) Infarct size corrected for AAR measured at 6-8 days using T2 weighted triple inversion recovery (T2-W SPAIR or STIR) CMR imaging; (iv) Left ventricular (LV) ejection fraction measured by CMR at 6-8 days and six months following injection of the study medication; and (v) LV end systolic volume index at 6-8 days and six months. FUNDING, ETHICS AND REGULATORY APPROVALS: This study is funded by a grant from the UK Medical Research Council. This protocol is approved by the Scotland A Research Ethics Committee and has also received clinical trial authorisation from the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) (EudraCT number: 2010-023571-26).",
"Elderly patients with chronic HF and AF derive comparable clinical benefits from beta-blocker titration as those in SR. Patients with AF tolerate higher beta-blocker doses than those in SR, which appears to be related to higher baseline HR.",
"This post hoc subanalysis shows that MAP0004 was similarly effective in patients whether or not allodynia was present at treatment baseline. Patients were also more likely to be allodynia-free following treatment of a migraine with MAP0004.",
"Bimatoprost 0.01% was equivalent to bimatoprost 0.03% in lowering IOP throughout 12 months of treatment and demonstrated improved tolerability, including less frequent and severe conjunctival hyperemia. Bimatoprost 0.01% demonstrated a better benefit-to-risk ratio than bimatoprost 0.0125%.",
"Factors associated with changes in the initial anti-tuberculosis regimen should be considered for rigorous follow-up. Results obtained through individualised treatment provided by specialists were good despite the complexity of the cases treated.",
"Travoprost 0.004%/timolol 0.5% ophthalmic solution produced mean IOP levels that are statistically noninferior to latanoprost 0.005%/timolol 0.5% ophthalmic solution. Furthermore, at 9:00 AM, 24 hours after dosing, IOP was statistically lower for travoprost 0.004%/timolol 0.5% pooled across all visits. Travoprost 0.004%/timolol 0.5% fixed combination ophthalmic solution is an effective treatment for reducing IOP and it is safe and well-tolerated in patients with OAG or OH.",
"Compared with timolol maleate in Gelrite, latanoprost appears to significantly improve, or at least maintain, central visual function, as measured by CS, at different spatial frequencies in patients with POAG.",
"We demonstrated that increased dietary fiber intake was associated with better glycemic control and more favorable cardiovascular disease risk factors including chronic kidney disease in Japanese type 2 diabetic patients. Diabetic patients should be encouraged to consume more dietary fiber in daily life.",
"Hydroxyurea seems to be effective in decreasing the frequency of vasooclusive crises in patient with sickle cell disease from Eastern Saudi Arabia. In this preliminary analysis no major side effects were observed. Long term side effects need to be monitored.",
"This study failed to show an association between HVC in hemodialysis patients and calcium-phosphorus product and parathyroid hormone levels; however, age and diabetes mellitus could be regarded as risk factors. In addition, HVC may lead to increased left ventricle mass index and pulmonary artery pressure and decreased ejection fraction, and low albumin levels may be attributable to inflammation.",
"Pulmonary resection for MDR-TB patients is an effective adjunctive treatment with acceptable morbidity and mortality.",
"Such results, although pertinent to a still limited study, testify to an improvement in terms of security and efficacy, with the new alternative technique without an increase in costs.",
"Diabetic retinopathy was present in about one fourth of type 2 diabetic patients in this study. Associated risk factors of DR were the duration of DM, HbA1c levels, and proteinuria. Regular screening for DR especially in T2DM with associated risk factor should be done for early treatment.",
"Undernutrition is common among smear-positive pulmonary tuberculosis (PTB+) patients. Micronutrient supplementation may improve treatment outcomes, but it is unclear whether additional energy-protein would be beneficial. The present study aimed to assess the effect of energy-protein supplementation on weight, body composition and handgrip strength against a background of high micronutrient intake during tuberculosis (TB) treatment. A total of 377 PTB+ patients co-infected with HIV were randomly allocated one or six biscuits daily for 60 d during TB treatment. Weight, arm fat area, arm muscle area and handgrip strength were assessed at baseline and 2 and 5 months. There were no effects on any outcome at 2 months, but energy-protein supplementation was associated with a 1·3 (95 % CI - 0·1, 2·8) kg marginally significant gain in handgrip strength at 5 months. However, after 2 months, energy-protein supplementation led to a weight gain of 1·9 (95 % CI 0·1, 3·7) kg among patients with cluster of differentiation 4 (CD4) counts ≥ 350 cells/μl, but not among patients with low CD4 counts ( - 0·2 kg; 95 % CI - 1·3, 0·8, Pinteraction = 0·03). Similarly, at 5 months, energy-protein supplementation led to a 2·3 (95 % CI 0·6, 4·1) kg higher handgrip strength gain among patients with CD4 counts < 350 cells/μl, but not in those with high CD4 counts (Pinteraction = 0·04). In conclusion, energy-protein supplementation to PTB+ HIV-co-infected patients had no overall effects on weight and body composition, but was associated with marginally significant gain in handgrip strength. More research is needed to develop an effective supplement, before it is recommended to TB programmes.",
"The LET only showed a small difference between the 6C and 12C groups. In contrast, there may be a lower risk of esophageal injury with the 6C than the 12C if we use TDLET.",
"Both insecticide-treated bed nets (ITNs) and indoor residual spraying (IRS) reduce malaria in high malaria transmission areas. The combined effect of these interventions is unknown. We conducted a non-randomized prospective cohort study to determine protective efficacy of IRS with ITNs (ITN + IRS) compared with ITNs alone (ITN only) in preventing Plasmodium falciparum parasitemia. At baseline, participants provided blood samples for malaria smears, were presumptively treated for malaria, and received ITNs. Blood smears were made monthly and at sick visits. In total, 1,804 participants were enrolled. Incidence of P. falciparum parasitemia in the ITN + IRS and ITN only groups was 18 and 44 infections per 100 persons-years at risk, respectively (unadjusted rate ratio = 0.41; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.31-0.56). Adjusted protective efficacy of ITN + IRS compared with ITN only was 62% (95% CI = 0.50-0.72). The combination of IRS and ITN might be a feasible strategy to further reduce malaria transmission in areas of persistent perennial malaria transmission.",
"With the use of conservative eligibility criteria, at least half the febrile episodes in children with sickle cell disease can be treated safely on an outpatient basis, with substantial reductions in cost.",
"To evaluate the rate of and risk factors for hepatotoxicity in tuberculosis (TB) and human immunodeficiency virus type 1 (HIV-1) co-infected patients while receiving non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (NNRTI)-based antiretroviral therapy (ART) and a rifampicin (RMP)-containing anti-TB regimen. We analyzed data from the N2R study which was an open label, randomized, comparative trial comparing treatment outcomes between 71 TB/HIV-1 co-infected patients receiving efavirenz (EFV)-based and nevirapine (NVP)-based ART; all of whom were receiving RMP-containing anti-TB treatment. Demographic data, liver function test, CD4 cell count, plasma HIV-1 RNA, hepatitis B surface antigen and anti-hepatitis C virus antibody were collected before initiating ART (week 0). Liver enzymes and total bilirubin levels were monitored at 6 weeks, 12 weeks and 24 weeks after ART initiation. All patients were followed until TB therapy was completed. Of 142 patients, 8 patients were excluded. Among the remaining 134 patients, the mean+/-SD age was 36.8+/-8.6 years and 67.2% were male. Severe hepatotoxicity (grade 3 or 4) developed in 4 patients (2.9%); 3 patients (4.6%) in the NVP group and 1 patient (1.4%) in the EFV group. Severe hyperbilirubinemia (grade 3 or 4) occurred in 7 patients (5.2%); 5 patients (7.7%) in the NVP group and 2 patients (2.9%) in the EFV group. Grade 1 or 2 hepatotoxicity occurred in 34 patients (31.4%). Hepatitis C virus co-infection (adjusted OR 3.03; 95%CI 1.26-7.29) was an independent risk factor associated with grade 1-4 hepatotoxicity (p=0.013). Monitoring of hepatotoxicity should be considered in TB/HIV-1 co-infected patients who are infected with HCV and receiving NVP.",
"Although this study was limited by its observational design, our results show that the fixed combination of brimonidine 0.2%/timolol 0.5% was effective, well tolerated, and safe in a broad POAG patient population.",
"In-hospital infection (IHI) after transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI) has received little attention, although it may have a significant effect on outcomes and costs because of prolonged hospital stay. Therefore, the aim of this study was to determine the incidence, type, predictors, and prognostic effects of IHI after TAVI. This study included 298 consecutive patients from 2 centers who underwent TAVI from November 2005 to November 2011. IHI during the hospital stay was defined on the basis of symptoms and signs assessed by the attending physician in the cardiac care unit or medium care unit in combination with all technical examinations performed to confirm infection. IHI after TAVI was observed in 58 patients (19.5%): urinary tract infections in 25 patients (43.1%), pneumonia in 12 patients (20.7%), and access-site infections in 7 patients (12.1%). In 12 patients (20.7%), the site of infection could not be determined, and 2 patients (3.4%) had multiple infection sites. Multivariate analysis revealed that surgical access through the femoral artery was the most important determinant of infection (odds ratio [OR] 4.18, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.02 to 17.19), followed by perioperative major stroke (OR 3.21, 95% CI 1.01 to 9.52) and overweight (body mass index ≥25 kg/m²; OR 2.27, 95% CI 1.12 to 4.59). The length of hospital stay in patients with IHIs was 15.0 days (interquartile range 8.0 to 22.0) compared with 7.0 days (interquartile range 4.0 to 10.0) in patients without infections (p <0.0001). Kaplan-Meier estimates of survival at 1 year were 76.6% and 74.4% (log-rank, p = 0.61), respectively. Unadjusted and adjusted OR analysis revealed that IHI did not predict mortality at 30 days (OR 1.27, 95% CI 0.49 to 3.30) or at 1 year (hazard ratio 1.24, 95% CI 0.68 to 2.25). In conclusion, IHI occurred in 19.5% of the patients. Patient-related and, more important, procedure-related variables play a role in the occurrence of infection, indicating that improvements in the execution of TAVI may lead to a reduction of this complication.",
"TB IRIS was more frequent with earlier ART initiation and CD4 <50 cells per cubic millimeter. As ART is implemented earlier in HIV-TB coinfection, programs will require the diagnostic capabilities, clinical resources, and training necessary to manage TB IRIS.",
"Resolution of MRM correlated not only with conversion of CM to an episodic pattern, but also with a significant reduction in medication usage. It offers preliminary evidence that hormonal regimens may have a beneficial role in prevention of MRM.",
"Th1 lymphocytes are crucial in the immune response against Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Nevertheless, IFN-γ alone is not sufficient in the complete eradication of the bacteria, suggesting that other cytokines might be required for pathogen removal. Th17 cells have been associated with M. tuberculosis infection, but the role of IL-17-producing cells in human TB remains to be understood. Therefore, we investigated the induction and regulation of IFN-γ and IL-17 during the active disease. TB patients were classified as High and Low Responder individuals according to their T cell responses against the antigen, and cytokine expression upon M. tuberculosis stimulation was investigated in peripheral blood and pleural fluid. Afterwards, the potential correlation among the proportions of cytokine-producing cells and clinical parameters was analyzed. In TB patients, M. tuberculosis induced IFN-γ and IL-17, but in comparison with BCG-vaccinated healthy donors, IFN-γ results were reduced significantly, and IL-17 was markedly augmented. Moreover, the main source of IL-17 was represented by CD4(+)IFN-γ(+)IL-17(+) lymphocytes, a Th1/Th17 subset regulated by IFN-γ. Interestingly, the ratio of antigen-expanded CD4(+)IFN-γ(+)IL-17(+) lymphocytes, in peripheral blood and pleural fluid from TB patients, was correlated directly with clinical parameters associated with disease severity. Indeed, the highest proportion of CD4(+)IFN-γ(+)IL-17(+) cells was detected in Low Responder TB patients, individuals displaying severe pulmonary lesions, and longest length of disease evolution. Taken together, the present findings suggest that analysis of the expansion of CD4(+)IFN-γ(+)IL-17(+) T lymphocytes in peripheral blood of TB patients might be used as an indicator of the clinical outcome in active TB.",
"Menstrually related migraine (MRM) is a particularly difficult-to-treat pain condition, associated with substantial disability. Aim of this study was to compare the efficacy and safety of frovatriptan and zolmitriptan in the treatment of MRM attacks, analyzing data from a multicenter, randomized, double blind, cross-over study. We analyzed the subset of 76 regularly menstruating women who participated in one head-to-head multicenter, randomized, double blind, cross-over clinical trial and who took the study drugs to treat MRM attacks. In a randomized sequence, each patient received frovatriptan 2.5 mg or zolmitriptan 2.5 mg: after treating three episodes of migraine in no more than 3 months with the first treatment, the patient had to switch to the other treatment. MRM was defined according to the criteria listed in the Appendix of the last Classification of Headache disorders of the International Headache Society. A total of 73 attacks, classified as MRM, were treated with frovatriptan and 65 with zolmitriptan. Rate of pain relief at 2 h was 52% for frovatriptan and 53% for zolmitriptan (p = NS), while rate of pain free at 2 h was 22 and 26% (p = NS), respectively. At 24 h, 74 and 83% of frovatriptan-treated and 69 and 82% of zolmitriptan-treated patients were pain free and had pain relief, respectively (p = NS). Recurrence at 24 h was significantly (p < 0.05) lower with frovatriptan (15 vs. 22% zolmitriptan). Frovatriptan proved to be effective in the immediate treatment of MRM attacks, similarly to zolmitriptan, but showed lower recurrence rates, and thus a better sustained relief.",
"VATS treatment of spontaneous pneumothorax proves to be effective. In cases of SSP, VATS treatment is feasible but a higher morbidity rate should be anticipated.",
"High concentrations of MN in tumor do not only arise from CAT overproduction but also from low MAOA expression, resulting in higher substrate availability for COMT.",
"Guidewire catheters have been used with increasing frequency during the last several years for placement of central venous lines. No data exist comparing success and complication rates of guidewire and nonguidewire catheterization in the emergency setting. A prospective, randomized study was conducted to compare GW and NGW central venous catheterization (CVC) by the infraclavicular subclavian approach. The study consisted of 210 patients (87 trauma, 123 medical) requiring a CVC as part of their emergency department care. Catheter placement and complications were determined by immediate chest radiograph, two-day followup, and chart review after discharge. Results demonstrated no statistically significant differences in success rates or complications, with the exception of catheter malfunction due to extrathoracic vascular placement or catheter kinkage. This complication occurred more frequently when the guidewire technique was used. The guidewire CVC technique does not appear to offer any improvement of complication rates when compared to the nonguidewire technique.",
"N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide levels at birth are elevated in monochorionic diamniotic twins with selective intrauterine growth restriction.",
"The fixed combination of latanoprost and timolol administered once daily in the evening is not inferior to the unfixed combination of latanoprost once daily in the evening and timolol twice daily. The fixed combination provides an effective and well-tolerated alternative to multiple instillations.",
"In patients who need urgent surgery after recently diagnosed STEMI and implanted DES, a strategy using tirofiban may allow temporary withdrawal of dual antiplatelet drugs without increasing the risk of bleeding. This conclusion needs to be further confirmed by large-scale randomized clinical trials.",
"In this pharmacogenetic study, riboflavin appears to be more effective in patients with migraine with non-H mitochondrial DNA haplotypes. The underlying mechanisms are unknown, but could be related to the association of haplogroup H with increased activity in complex I, which is a major target for riboflavin. Our results may have ethnic implications, since haplogroup H is chiefly found in the European population.",
"The objective of the study was to: 1) investigate the performance of QuantiFERON-TB Gold In-Tube (QFT-GIT) in HIV-infected patients with active tuberculosis (TB); 2) evaluate the sequential changes in QFT-GIT assay during the treatment response; 3) investigate the direct in vitro effects of antituberculous drugs on both secretion of IFN-g and apoptosis of T cells. Forty-four HIV-patients with active TB were enrolled and tested with QFT-GIT. Thirteen of them were followed longitudinally by QFT-GIT, performed at baseline and six and nine months after TB-treatment onset. For in vitro experiments, cells from healthy donors and HIV-naive subjects were pretreated with four antituberculous-drugs, and then examined for IFN-g secretion and apoptosis of T-cells. The QFT-GIT was positive in 66%, negative in 11.3% and indeterminate in 22.7%. Longitudinal analysis in 13 HIV-TB subjects showed that at therapy completion a reversion to negative response was found only in 38.4% of patients, but in 30.7% the QFT-GIT remained positive. Overall, during the anti-TB treatment no significant decrease in average IFN-g response was observed in these patients (p<0.001). In vitro experiments showed that the four antituberculous- drugs, within the range of therapeutically achievable concentrations, did not exert any down-regulatory effect on IFN-g production and did not have any effect on apoptosis of T cells from HIV naïve subjects. Despite the high rate of indeterminate results, QFT-GIT assay may represent a good tool in the diagnostic workup for active TB in HIV-patients. Although the antituberculous drugs do not have any direct effect on host immune response to mycobacterial antigen, changes in longitudinal IGRA response have been found during in vivo anti-TB treatment.",
"Elevated heart rate ≥70 bpm places patients with a noncardioembolic cerebral ischemic event at increased risk for MI.",
"Although serious toxicity may occur, the survival and response rates achieved with high-dose [(131)I]MIBG suggest its utility in the management of selected patients with metastatic PHEO and PGL.",
"Although we confirmed association between warfarin use and hemorrhagic stroke in dialysis patients with AF, we found no association between warfarin use and ischemic stroke. Adequately powered randomized trials are required to conclusively determine the risks and benefits of the studied warfarin indication in hemodialysis patients.",
"Alagebrium had no effect on hemodynamics, LV geometry, or exercise capacity in healthy, previously sedentary seniors. However, it did show a modestly favorable effect on age-associated LV stiffening.",
"null",
"Rapid recovery is desirable in pediatric neurosurgical patients to obtain an early neurologic assessment. We compared the recovery characteristics of 2 commonly used anesthetic agents, sevoflurane and isoflurane, under bispectral index-guided anesthesia in children undergoing spinal surgery. Eighty children who underwent surgery for occult spinal dysraphism at the lumbar and sacral level were randomized to anesthesia with sevoflurane or isoflurane in oxygen and nitrous oxide. Anesthesia depth was guided by a bispectral index monitor kept between 40 and 60. In addition to time at emergence, extubation and discharge, recovery (modified Aldrete) score, and hemodynamics were compared. The 2 groups did not differ significantly with respect to demographics, duration of surgery and anesthesia, and intraoperative hemodynamic changes. Extubation (6.4+/-3.3 vs. 10.7+/-4.6) and emergence (7.8+/-3.4 vs. 12.8+/-5.6) times (minutes) were significantly shorter with sevoflurane (P<0.001). Time (minutes) to achieve full Aldrete (modified) scores was less with sevoflurane (13.9+/-5.3 vs. 20.3+/-6.5) than isoflurane (P<0.001). However, the time (minutes) to achieve discharge criteria from postanesthesia care unit (140.7+/-49.3 vs. 146+/-43.3) and first dose of postoperative analgesic (60+/-24.1 vs. 72+/-33.4) in addition to incidence of postoperative agitation were similar in both groups (P>0.05). Sevoflurane results in an earlier recovery and assessment of modified Aldrete score when compared with isoflurane.",
"The association between lower FPG level and mortality differed across the spectrum of CAD. In patients with acute myocardial infarction, there was a U-shaped relationship. In patients with stable CAD or unstable angina pectoris, mildly to moderately decreasing FPG level was associated with neither higher nor lower all-cause mortality.",
"Perfusion imaging with RTMCE improves the detection of CAD during stress echocardiography, and identifies those more likely to undergo revascularization following an abnormal study.",
"The authors demonstrated that the combination therapy with carvedilol plus bepridil is more effective for maintaining SR than bepridil alone therapy and carvedilol reduced QT prolongation by bepridil therapy.",
"Both drugs lowered IOP effectively but bimatoprost showed a greater reduction in the mean IOP than did travoprost at 12 weeks and both are safe for ocular use.",
"The timing of PSG influenced the diagnosis of OSA in patients who presented with AMI but not in those who presented with stable CAD.",
"These findings indicate that Nigerian children infected with P. falciparum exhibit immune responses associated with active malaria infection and these responses were positively associated with increased P. falciparum parasitaemia.",
"Detection and referral of diabetic patients with risk of visual loss must be made easier, regardless of their visual symptoms, in order to achieve treatment efficacy by timely care.",
"Increased evaluation of screening outcomes and of specific interventions, such as improved education and communication about trial procedures, may increase the efficiency of screening and enrollment in clinical trials.",
"A total of 12 537 participants with dysglycaemia and high CV-risk were randomized to basal insulin glargine titrated to a fasting glucose of ≤ 5.3 mmol/L (95 mg/dL) or standard glycaemic care. Non-severe hypoglycaemia was defined as symptoms confirmed by glucose ≤ 54 mg/dL and severe hypoglycaemia as a requirement for assistance or glucose ≤ 36 mg/dL. Outcomes were: (i) the composite of CV death, non-fatal myocardial infarction or stroke; (ii) mortality; (iii) CV mortality; and (iv) arrhythmic death. Hazards were estimated before and after adjustment for a hypoglycaemia propensity score. During a median of 6.2 years (IQR: 5.8-6.7), non-severe hypoglycaemic episodes occurred in 41.7 and 14.4% glargine and standard group participants, respectively, while severe episodes occurred in 5.7 and 1.8%, respectively. Non-severe hypoglycaemia was not associated with any outcome following adjustment. Conversely, severe hypoglycaemia was associated with a greater risk for the primary outcome (HR: 1.58; 95% CI: 1.24-2.02, P < 0.001), mortality (HR: 1.74; 95% CI: 1.39-2.19, P < 0.001), CV death (HR: 1.71; 95% CI: 1.27-2.30, P < 0.001) and arrhythmic death (HR: 1.77; 95% CI: 1.17-2.67, P = 0.007). Similar findings were noted for severe nocturnal hypoglycaemia for the primary outcome and mortality. The severe hypoglycaemia hazard for all four outcomes was higher with standard care than with insulin glargine.",
"Topically applied latanoprost and bimatoprost act in a hemodynamically neutral manner and have the capability to lower IOP even in patients with normal tension glaucoma and low initial IOP level. Dorzolamide accelerates blood flow in systole. None of the tested compounds has a negative impact on hemodynamics in the short posterior ciliary arteries.",
"cCTA may be a cost-saving tool in acute chest pain populations that have a prevalence of potentially obstructive CAD <30%. However, increased cost would be anticipated in populations with higher prevalence of disease.",
"These findings support the efficacy of pioglitazone to improve insulin resistance and reduce adipose tissue inflammation in obese patients with T2DM.",
"This trial has been registered in the Current Controlled Trials with the number ISRCTN 35739639.",
"Recurrent headaches and migraines are common and undertreated in children with sickle cell disease. Low hemoglobin levels and high pain rates are associated with recurrent headaches and migraines; whereas, silent cerebral infarction is not.",
"The absence of visual symptoms during migraine auras was associated with a profound asymmetry of the primary visual cortex. Aura symptoms seem to be linked to the morphology of the primary visual cortex in CADASIL. This finding potentially reflects more general relationships between spreading depression and cortex morphology in migraine with aura.",
"Symptomatic HF and REF during the index NSTEMI hospitalization are both associated with an increased risk of short- and long-term mortality as well as HF readmission with an apparent additive prognostic impact of both factors.",
"Incidentally detected adrenal tumors are a common finding during abdominal ultrasonography, computed tomography, and magnetic resonance imaging. Although most of these lesions are benign adenomas, adrenocortical carcinomas and metastases constitute 5% to 10% of all tumors. Adrenal biopsy may be helpful, but its diagnostic value is controversial and disputed, and prospective studies have not yet been performed. Therefore, the diagnostic accuracy of adrenal core biopsy was evaluated in a prospective multicenter study involving 8 surgical centers in Germany and Austria. A total of 220 biopsies from surgical specimens of the adrenal gland were punctured in an ex vivo approach and processed for pathohistologic diagnosis using paraffin sections, routine staining, and immunohistochemistry (keratin KL1, vimentin, S100 protein, chromogranin A, synaptophysin, neuron-specific enolase, D11, MiB-1, and p53 protein). The evaluating pathologist was blinded for clinical data from the patients. A total of 89 adrenal adenomas (40.5%), 22 adrenal carcinomas (10.0%), 55 pheochromocytomas (25.0%), 15 metastases (6.8%), 16 adrenal hyperplasias (7.2%), and 23 other tumors (10.5%) were studied. Nine cases were excluded due to incomplete data (n = 2) or insufficient biopsy specimen (n = 7). In the remaining 211 tumors, compared with the final diagnoses of the surgical specimen, bioptic diagnoses were absolutely correct in 76.8% of the cases, nearly correct in 13.2% of the cases, and incorrect in 10% of the cases. Pheochromocytomas were correctly diagnosed in 96% of the cases, cortical adenomas were correctly or nearly correctly reported in 91% of the cases, cortical carcinomas were correctly or nearly correctly reported in 76% of the cases, and metastases were correctly or nearly correctly reported in 77% of the cases. Of the 39 malignant lesions, only 4 were misclassified, 2 as benign and 2 as possibly malignant. This resulted in an overall sensitivity for malignancy of 94.6% and specificity of 95.3%. Our findings suggest that adrenal core biopsy is a useful method for identifying and classifying adrenal tumorous lesions if sufficient biopsy specimens can be obtained. However, in clinical practice it remains to be shown whether the benefits of biopsy outweigh the risks of the procedure.",
"PURPOSE. To examine whether treatment with oral blood-pressure-lowering medication or statins influences the risk of glaucoma. METHODS. This study was a case-control investigation, nested within a computerized primary care database of 177 general practices across the United Kingdom; 8778 cases diagnosed and/or treated for glaucoma between 2000 and 2007, and 8778 glaucoma-free controls matched for age, sex, and practice. Odds ratios for treatment with oral antihypertensives (including selective beta(1) and nonselective beta-blockers) and statins in the 5 years before diagnosis were calculated by logistic regression, adjusted for a marker of socioeconomic position and number of drug types prescribed (as a measure of health service usage). RESULTS. Prevalence of oral beta-blocker use in the 5 years before diagnosis was lower in the cases (22.5%) than in the controls (23.6%), adjusted odds ratio (OR) 0.87 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.80-0.94). This effect was presence with treatment with beta(1)-selective medications (OR, 0.81; 95% CI, 0.74-0.88) but not with nonselective medications (OR, 1.08; 95% CI, 0.94-1.24). The prevalence of thiazide use was higher among the glaucoma cases than among the controls (OR, 1.13; 95% CI, 1.04-1.23). Neither statins nor other antihypertensive treatments were associated with the risk of glaucoma. CONCLUSIONS. Oral beta(1) beta-blockers may protect against development of glaucoma. The current consensus on the relative importance of beta(2) receptor blockade in treating glaucoma may have to be reviewed. Changes in prescribing oral beta-blockers for cardiovascular disorders may affect the number of those who eventually have glaucoma. There is no evidence to suggest that statins have a preventive role in glaucoma.",
"Patients with sickle cell disease (SCD) may develop functional asplenia as a chronic complication, secondary to repeated episodes of polymerisation of haemoglobin S. It is known that increased plasma concentrations of fetal haemoglobin (HbF) reduce the polymerisation of haemoglobin S. Hydroxyurea is a chemotherapeutic agent capable of increasing HbF levels in the red blood cells and its use has recently been proposed in the treatment of SCD. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of long-term therapy with hydroxyurea on recovery of splenic function. Twenty-one patients (aged 3-22 years; 14 with SS haemoglobinopathy, 7 with Sbeta(0) haemoglobinopathy) were studied with liver/spleen scintigraphy before and after 6 and 12 months of treatment. All studies were submitted to visual inspection and semi-quantitative analyses using spleen/liver ratios. Imaging prior to treatment demonstrated functional asplenia in nine SS patients and one Sbeta(0) patient and impaired splenic function in five SS patients and six Sbeta(0) patients. After treatment, splenic function improved in ten patients, remained unchanged in eight and worsened in three. Using liver/spleen imaging, it was possible to demonstrate that hydroxyurea is capable of improving splenic function in some SCD patients. Improvement is not always possible and frequently does not lead to a normal splenic function even after 1 year of treatment.",
"In the setting of acute myocardial ischemia, the hypoperfused portion of the myocardium is in danger of becoming irreversibly injured. This portion is called the area at risk (AAR). It is of clinical interest to be able to estimate the AAR for further evaluation and improvement of different revascularization strategies. The Alberta Provincial Project for Outcome Assessment in Coronary Heart Disease Score (APPROACH-score) has been shown to be a jeopardy score with a good performance for angiographic assessment of the myocardium supplied by a coronary vessel, representing the AAR. Recently, cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (CMR) has been demonstrated to also provide good results in determining the AAR, especially in the setting of acute ST-elevation infarction patients. Therefore, the aim of our trial was to compare T2-weighted CMR imaging for assessment of AAR in patients with non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) and to validate this approach against the angiographic APPROACH-score. We enrolled sixty-four patients presenting with acute NSTEMI that underwent coronary X-ray angiography within 72 h of symptom onset. Two blinded readers performed offline angiographic AAR assessment using the modified APPROACH-score, as being described elsewhere. Furthermore, with the use of a semi-automatic T2w-CMR approach, the AAR was quantified by two fully blinded readers. The resulting mean AAR determined by the modified APPROACH-score was 28.6 ± 10.0 %. The mean CMR derived AAR was 27.6 ± 12.7 %. CMR assessment tended to slightly underestimate the AAR in comparison to angiographic scoring (difference -0.09 ± 7.6 %). There is a good correlation between the AAR assessed by CMR and by angiography (r = 0.65, p < 0.001). T2-weigthed CMR is able to quantify the AAR with very good correlation to the angiographic APPROACH-score in NSTEMI patients.",
"Among 5059 genotyped patients with acute coronary syndromes, clopidogrel as compared with placebo significantly reduced the rate of the primary efficacy outcome, irrespective of the genetically determined metabolizer phenotype (P=0.12 for heterogeneity). The effect of clopidogrel in reducing the rate of the primary efficacy outcome was similar in patients who were heterozygous or homozygous for loss-of-function alleles and in those who were not carriers of the alleles (rate among carriers, 8.0% with clopidogrel vs. 11.6% with placebo; hazard ratio with clopidogrel, 0.69; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.49 to 0.98; rate among noncarriers, 9.5% vs. 13.0%; hazard ratio, 0.72; 95% CI, 0.59 to 0.87). In contrast, gain-of-function carriers derived more benefit from clopidogrel treatment as compared with placebo than did noncarriers (rate of primary outcome among carriers, 7.7% vs. 13.0%; hazard ratio, 0.55; 95% CI, 0.42 to 0.73; rate among noncarriers, 10.0% vs. 12.2%; hazard ratio, 0.85; 95% CI, 0.68 to 1.05; P=0.02 for interaction). The effect of clopidogrel on bleeding did not vary according to genotypic subgroups. Among 1156 genotyped patients with atrial fibrillation, there was no evidence of an interaction with respect to either efficacy or bleeding between the study treatment and the metabolizer phenotype, loss-of-function carrier status, or gain-of-function carrier status.",
"Fetal hemoglobin (HbF) decreases polymerization of sickle hemoglobin (HbS) and improves outcomes in sickle cell disease (SSD). Therefore, a therapeutic goal in SSD is pharmacologic reactivation of HbF. Silencing of the gamma-globin (HbF) gene is associated with DNA methylation. The cytosine analog 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine (decitabine) hypomethylates DNA by inhibiting DNA methyltransferase. We examined if subcutaneous decitabine could increase HbF levels and improve SSD pathophysiology without cytotoxicity. Eight symptomatic SSD patients resistant or intolerant of standard treatment with hydroxyurea received decitabine 0.2 mg/kg subcutaneously 1 to 3 times per week in 2 cycles of 6-week duration. Treatment decreased neutrophils and increased mean HbF (6.5% to 20.4%, P <.0001) and mean total hemoglobin (76 to 96 g/L [7.6 to 9.6 g/dL], P <.001). Features of vaso-occlusive crisis pathophysiology such as red cell adhesion, endothelial damage, and coagulation pathway activity significantly improved. gamma-Globin gene promoter methylation decreased, and platelets and the proportion of megakaryocytes and erythroid cells in the marrow increased without a decrease in marrow cellularity, consistent with a DNA hypomethylating, noncytotoxic mechanism of action. Weekly subcutaneous decitabine produces cumulative increases in HbF and total hemoglobin through a noncytotoxic mechanism of action. Chronic dosing and sustained increases in hemoglobin F and total hemoglobin levels may be possible. Further studies in SSD and thalassemia are indicated.",
"Exposure to high quality videos demonstrating clinical skills can significantly improve medical student skill performance in an observed structured clinical examination of these skills, when used as an adjunct to clinical skills face-to-face tutorials and deliberate practice of skills in a blended learning format. Video demonstrations can provide an enduring, on-demand, portable resource for revision, which can even be used at the bedside by learners. Such resources are cost-effectively scalable for large numbers of learners.",
"Aerobic exercise training can be considered as an appropriate program for improving the health of the patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, and it also can improve their mental health.",
"Flecainide reduced exercise-induced ventricular arrhythmias in patients with CPVT not controlled by conventional drug therapy.",
"Discontinuation of chest tubes at the end of inspiration or at the end of expiration has a similar rate of post-removal pneumothorax. Both methods are equally safe.",
"Bimatoprost once daily provided sustained IOP lowering greater than timolol twice daily and was well tolerated over long-term use.",
"Dorzolamide was generally well tolerated and demonstrated efficacy for up to 3 months in patients younger than 6 years.",
"In all three groups of glaucoma patients there was a significant and prolonged decrease in IOP after treatment with BTFK. The use of BTFK was accompanied by smaller incidence of conjunctival hyperemia compared to isolated bimatoprost or travoprost / timolol combination.",
"After the enrollment of 3236 patients, the study was stopped for safety reasons. The first coprimary outcome occurred in 43 patients receiving dronedarone and 19 receiving placebo (hazard ratio, 2.29; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.34 to 3.94; P=0.002). There were 21 deaths from cardiovascular causes in the dronedarone group and 10 in the placebo group (hazard ratio, 2.11; 95% CI, 1.00 to 4.49; P=0.046), including death from arrhythmia in 13 patients and 4 patients, respectively (hazard ratio, 3.26; 95% CI, 1.06 to 10.00; P=0.03). Stroke occurred in 23 patients in the dronedarone group and 10 in the placebo group (hazard ratio, 2.32; 95% CI, 1.11 to 4.88; P=0.02). Hospitalization for heart failure occurred in 43 patients in the dronedarone group and 24 in the placebo group (hazard ratio, 1.81; 95% CI, 1.10 to 2.99; P=0.02).",
"Gender is a major determinant of the outcomes of many health interventions. This study documents the order of significant improvements in metabolic parameters of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) having metabolic syndrome within 12 weeks of physical exercise programmes. Twenty-nine patients, mean age 49.6 ± 3.7 years, presenting with high fasting plasma glucose, high triglycerides, hypertension, and high waist circumference undertook a thrice weekly aerobic and endurance exercise programme in addition to their drugs and diet. Variables were assessed at baseline and end of every two weeks for twelve weeks. Compared with baseline, significant improvement (P < 0.05) in the metabolic parameters occurred in this order for the male participants: fasting glucose (2nd week), triglycerides and waist circumference (4th week), and systolic blood pressure (12th week). For the female participants, it was fasting glucose (4th week), triglycerides (6th week), and waist circumference (10th week). Regardless of the gender, fasting glucose was the first to improve significantly, followed by triglycerides. Hypertension did not improve significantly at all in the female participants as they may require more than twelve weeks of therapeutic exercise for any significant improvement in hypertension.",
"Administration of sumatriptan intranasally at doses of 10 mg and 20 mg by the breath actuated bi-directional powder delivery device results in rapid absorption. Delivery to target sites beyond the nasal valve induced a similar EEG profile to subcutaneous sumatriptan 6 mg and prevented migraine attacks in patients following GTN challenge. Intranasal administration of sumatriptan powder with the breath actuated bi-directional powder delivery device was well tolerated.",
"African children showed a low percentage of self-limited neurological and neuropsychiatric adverse events, confirming studies on neurological safety in Asian children treated with artesunate and mefloquine. Sleeping disorders were most frequently observed.",
"In our patients with probably embolic cryptogenic ischemic stroke, PAF was detected by Reveal XT ILR in 33.7%. One in four events occurred after the first six months of monitoring.",
"Long-term visit-to-visit SBP variability was independently associated with a higher risk of subsequent mortality and MI but not stroke. More research is needed to determine the relationship of BP variability with cardiovascular risk and the clinical implications.",
"Simvastatin use may be associated with VF stabilization in patients with NTG. A larger scale randomized controlled trial and cost-effectiveness analyses seem warranted.",
"The favorable benefit/risk balance, confirms the beneficial clinical profile of intralesional hrEGF in the treatment of DFUs.",
"The therapeutic efficacy, changes in haematocrit and declines in parasitaemias were evaluated in 56 children with uncomplicated falciparum hyperparasitaemia after oral artesunate-amodiaquine or artemether-lumefantrine. All children recovered clinically within 2 days and without progression to severe malaria. Falls in haematocrit in the first 3 days after treatment began were similar and <5%. Declines in parasitaemias were monoexponential with both treatments with an estimated half-life of 1 h.",
"The Netherlands African Partnership for Capacity Development and Clinical Interventions Against Poverty Related Diseases, the UBS-Optimus Foundation, and the Gates Malaria Partnership.",
"In CFAE recordings, the DM parameter was found to have greater temporal morphologic variation in paroxysmal as compared with persistent AF data (p<0.001). In contrast, only moderate significance between paroxysmal versus persistent AF data was found when using the of CFE-mean and ICL parameters (p<0.05). The DM parameter may thus be useful as a new measure to discern both temporal and spatial variations in CFAE in paroxysmal versus persistent AF recordings.",
"Patients originally on timolol monotherapy have a lower cost of care over 5 years than those started on a PTG. However, timolol patients during follow-up may demonstrate a higher intraocular pressure, more progression, more medication changes, and lower persistency of the original monotherapy.",
"During the first year of ART, HIV-positive migrants had higher rates of ADEs than nonmigrants. Tuberculosis was the most common ADE among migrants, highlighting the importance of screening for tuberculosis prior to ART initiation in this population.",
"In eyes with glaucomatous damage that is not advanced, PNT can reduce the IOP in 60% of the eyes at 1 month, and in 33% of the eyes at 3 months, without significant side-effects. The indications, efficacy and safety of PNT retreatments remain to be investigated. IOP reduction is less and of shorter duration than that obtained by latanoprost adjunctive therapy.",
"The purpose of this prospective pilot study was to determine the therapeutic effect of continuous testosterone, delivered as a subcutaneous implant, on the severity of migraine headaches in pre- and post-menopausal patients. Twenty-seven women with a history of documented migraine headache were asked to rate their headache severity using a five-point scale at baseline (prior to therapy); and again, 3 months following treatment with testosterone implants. Improvement in headache severity was noted by 92% of patients and the mean level of improvement was statistically significant (3.3 on a 5 point scale). In addition, there was no difference in the level of improvement between pre- and post-menopausal cohorts. Seventy-four percent of patients reported a headache severity score of '0' (none) on testosterone implant therapy for the 3-month treatment period. Continuous testosterone was effective therapy in reducing the severity of migraine headaches in both pre- and post-menopausal women.",
"The cumulative risk of recurrent parasitemia on day 42 after initiation of treatment, unadjusted by polymerase chain reaction findings, was 20.7% (95% confidence interval [CI], 14.4-28.2) for AL, compared with 3.7% (95% CI, 1.2-8.5) for DP (P < .001). The mean duration of gametocyte carriage was 5.5 days (95% CI, 3.6-8.5) for AL and 15.3 days (95% CI, 9.7-24.2) for DP (P = .001). The proportion of mosquitoes that became infected after feeding on blood from AL-treated children was 1.88% (43 of 2293), compared with 3.50% (83 of 2371) for those that fed on blood from DP-treated children (P = .06); the oocyst burden among mosquitoes was lower among those that fed on blood from AL-treated children (P = .005) CONCLUSIONS: While DP was associated with a longer prophylactic time after treatment, gametocyte carriage and malaria transmission to mosquitoes was lower after AL treatment.",
"Bronchoscopic argon plasma coagulation can accelerate the healing of tumorous endobronchial tuberculosis and can help prevent progressive bronchial stenosis resulting from tumorous endobronchial tuberculosis, and it is a very safe method.",
"Gender was associated with changes in CL/F and V(d) /F whereas the pharmaceutical formulation was associated with changes in F and altered the K(a) . The validation data set showed that the model could be used in clinical practice for Bayesian dose adjustment of RIF in TB patients.",
"We compared the efficacy and safety of a new fixed combination of timolol 0.5%/odorzolamide 20%/brimonidine 0.2% in ophthalmic solution versus a fixed combination of timolol 0.5%/dorzolamide 2% in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. The fixed triple combination was significantly more efficient in mean intraocular pressure reduction from baseline throughout the six-month follow-up.",
"Both nipradilol and carteolol have additive effects when used in combination with latanoprost. Carteolol, however, may have a more potent effect than nipradilol.",
"Hypertensive patients with relatively mild LVH without either increased LV volume or concentricity have similar risk of all-cause mortality or cardiovascular events because hypertensive patients with normal LVM seem to be a low-risk group.",
"In patients with ACS undergoing PCI, the use of statins or CCBs was not associated with an increased risk of CV events in clopidogrel-treated patients. Consistent results were observed when the drugs were administered alone, together, or in combination with proton pump inhibitors.",
"Travoprost, latanoprost and the fixed combination timolol-dorzolamide are efficient in the treatment of primary open angle glaucoma. The prostaglandin derivatives determined similar IOP decrease, which was superior to the fixed combination timolol-dorzolamide; the local tolerance was good, the fixed combination causing the fewest side effects.",
"The results of this feasibility study offer promise and should prompt further controlled studies of ONS in CM.",
"Vestibular rehabilitation programs do appear to play a beneficial role in the treatment of dizziness in patients with vestibular migraine. Anecdotally, however, patients with vestibular migraine may report persistent significant symptoms at the end of a standard treatment period where other non-migrainous patients are accomplishing their treatment goals. Therefore, the objective of this study was to assess the efficacy of vestibular rehabilitation in patients with vestibular migraine compared to patients with vestibular symptoms without migraine. Thirty-six patients (vestibular migraine = 20, vestibular impairment = 16) with significant daily vestibular symptoms received a nine week customized vestibular rehabilitation program. Each subject attended five therapy appointments occurring at initial, two, five, nine and six months. A range of subjective and physical performance outcome measures were taken at baseline, nine weeks and six months. The vestibular migraine group showed poorer subjective performance at the onset of therapy, which was not reflected in the difference in physical performance between the groups. Both groups benefitted equally from rehabilitation. The same degree of improvement was observed in the migraine group regardless of medication regime. This study has validated vestibular rehabilitation as an effective treatment in dizzy patients both with and without vestibular migraine where the use of medication did not preclude benefit from therapy. However, further research is required to clarify the role of specific vestibular suppressant medications and the scheduling of their use in relation to physical therapy.",
"null",
"One limitation of endobronchial ultrasound-guided transbronchial needle aspiration (EBUS-TBNA) is the size of the available needles, frequently yielding only cells for cytological examination. The aim of this pilot study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of newly developed needle forceps to obtain tissue for the histological diagnosis of enlarged mediastinal lymph nodes. Patients with enlarged, positron emission tomography (PET)-positive lymph nodes were included. The transbronchial needle forceps (TBNF), a sampling instrument combining the characteristics of a needle (bevelled tip for penetrating through the bronchial wall) with forceps (two serrated jaws for grasping tissue) was used through the working channel of the EBUS-TBNA scope. Efficacy and safety was assessed. 50 patients (36 males and 14 females; mean age 51 yrs) with enlarged or PET-positive lymph nodes were included in this pilot study. In 48 (96%) patients penetration of the bronchial wall was possible and in 45 patients tissue for histological diagnosis was obtained. In three patients TBNF provided inadequate material. For patients in whom the material was adequate for a histological examination, a specific diagnosis was established in 43 (86%) out of 50 patients (nonsmall cell lung cancer: n=24; small cell lung cancer: n=7; sarcoidosis: n=4; Hodgkin's lymphoma: n=4; tuberculosis: n=2; and non-Hodgkin's lymphoma: n=2).No clinically significant procedure-related complications were encountered. This study demonstrated that EBUS-TBNF is a safe procedure and provides diagnostic histological specimens of mediastinal lymph nodes.",
"We determined the within-person MIC and between-group MID for the HIT-6 in a primary-care population of migraine patients. We recommend the use of these values for clinical care and for research.",
"Acupuncture at points of The Liver and Gallbladder Meridians for treatment of migraine is safe, effective, and with stable long-term therapeutic effect.",
"",
"null",
"Patients with "difficult to treat" AF exhibit more concurrent AF sources in more widespread biatrial distributions than other patients. These mechanisms explain the disappointing results of PV isolation, and how FIRM can identify patient-specific AF sources to enable successful ablation in this population.",
"Long-term isoniazid prophylaxis was not associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes, such as preterm delivery, even in the context of ART exposure.",
"A prospectively derived and validated model using simply obtained clinical data can identify patients with CHF at low risk of hospitalisation due to AHFS in the year following assessment. This may guide the design of future strategies allocating resources to the management of CHF.",
"Vascular endothelial growth factor-B (VEGF-B is an important member of the VEGF protein family. Recent animal studies indicated that VEGF-B signaling had determinant roles in insulin resistance, lipid distribution and metabolism in type 2 diabetes. The clinical significance of VEGF-B in type 2 diabetes is still not clear. This study aimed to correlate VEGF-B levels with biochemistry characteristics and target organ damage in type 2 diabetic patients. Serum VEGF-B levels were measured using ELISA. A crosssectional control study, which included 180 type 2 diabetic patients and 62 healthy subjects, was carried out. Diabetic patients who were undergoing insulin therapy were not included. This results showed that serum VEGF-B levels did not differ between the type 2 diabetic patients and the healthy controls (169.2&#x2213;118.8 vs 163.5&#x2213;115.2 pg/mL; P=0.734). VEGF-B levels in type 2 diabetic patients were significantly associated with the levels of c-peptide, total cholesterol and triglyceride. T-test analysis showed that the associations of serum VEGF-B levels with insulin resistance, pancreatic reserve, HDL and LDL were not significant. Regression analysis showed that VEGF-B levels were significantly correlated with diabetic retinopathy and nephropathy. No significant association between VEGF-B and macro-vasculopathy was found. In conclusion, our study findings suggested that VEGF-B levels did not differ between the type 2 diabetic patients and the normal controls. High VEGF-B levels might correlate with the presence of hyperlipidemia and target organ damage in type 2 diabetic patients.",
"In patients with initially asymptomatic AS participating in the SEAS study, overweight and obesity did not influence AS progression or rate of AS-related or ischemic CV events but were both associated with increased mortality.",
"The aim of this study was to compare the recovery cycle of somatosensory evoked potentials (SEPs) in children with migraine without aura before and after treatment with topiramate. Eleven migraine children were studied before and after a 3-month treatment with topiramate at the average dose of 1.3 mg/kg/day. We calculated the SEP latency and amplitude modifications after paired electrical stimuli at 5, 20 and 40 ms interstimulus intervals, comparing them with a single stimulus condition assumed as baseline. In nine patients, who had a significant reduction in headache frequency after treatment, the recovery cycles of the P24 (P = 0.03) and N30 (P < 0.005) potentials were longer after than before topiramate treatment. In two migraineurs who did not show any improvement, the recovery cycles of the cortical SEP components were even shorter after treatment. Our results suggest that topiramate efficacy in paediatric migraine prophylaxis is probably related to restored cortical excitability.",
"Local antiglaucoma therapy may reduce the acute IOP rise following Yag laser iridotomy in PACG eyes.",
"Fine-needle aspiration is simple, cost-effective and non-invasive and can be performed by trained staff. Combined with rapid molecular diagnostic tests, fine-needle aspirates could improve the diagnosis of TB and provide valuable information for appropriate treatment and drug resistance.",
"In Guyana, artemether-lumefantrine represents an adequate treatment option against P. vivax when combined with primaquine. Availability of this alternative will be of great importance in case of emerging chloroquine resistance against P. vivax.",
"Lupin protein compared to casein slightly lowered the concentration of LDL cholesterol in hypercholesterolemic subjects, without altering HDL cholesterol. No or minor effects of lupin protein were observed on circulating glucose, homocysteine and plasma amino acids.",
"We demonstrate an independent association between IR and multivessel coronary artery disease in nondiabetic postmyocardial infarction patients. Our findings strengthen the experimental evidence for a direct atherogenic effect of IR independent of glucose control and other components of the metabolic syndrome.",
"Gasless laparoscopic adrenalectomy is available for most adrenal tumors. Suction could be used unrestrictedly and there were no hemodynamic or ventilatory effects due to pneumoperitoneum. This procedure appears to be safe and advantageous for the treatment of most adrenal tumors.",
"Lung tumor tracking during stereotactic radiotherapy with the CyberKnife requires the insertion of markers in or close to the tumor. To reduce the risk of pneumothorax, three methods of marker placement were used: 1) intravascular coil placement, 2) percutaneous intrathoracal, and 3) percutaneous extrathoracal placement. We investigated the toxicity of marker placement and the tumor response of the lung tumor tracking treatment. Markers were placed in 20 patients with 22 tumors: 13 patients received a curative treatment, seven a palliative. The median Charlson Comorbidity Score was 4 (range: 1-8). Platinum fiducials and intravascular embolisation coils were used as markers. In total, 78 markers were placed: 34 intrathoracal, 23 intravascular and 21 extrathoracal. The PTV equaled the GTV + 5 mm. A median dose of 45 Gy (range: 30-60 Gy, in 3 fractions) was prescribed to the 70-85% isodose. The response was evaluated with a CTscan performed 6-8 weeks after the last treatment and routinely thereafter. The median follow-up was 4 months (range: 2-11). No severe toxicity due to the marker placement was seen. Pneumothorax was not seen. The local control was 100%. Four tumors in four patients showed a complete response, 15 tumors in 14 patients a partial response, and three tumors in two patients with metastatic disease had stable disease. No severe toxicity of marker placement was seen due to the appropriate choice of one of the three methods. CyberKnife tumor tracking with markers is feasible and resulted in excellent tumor response. Longer follow-up is needed to validate the local control.",
"Immediate ART initiation does not improve outcome in patients presenting with HIV-associated tuberculous meningitis. There were significantly more grade 4 adverse events in the immediate ART arm, supporting delayed initiation of ART in HIV-associated tuberculous meningitis. Clinical Trials Registration. ISRCTN63659091.",
"Our data show that ezetimibe as monotherapy significantly lowered TC and LDL-C in children with PH and FH.",
"Across five trials of ustekinumab-treated patients with psoriasis, no cases of LTBI reactivation were observed in patients receiving concomitant INH prophylaxis for LTBI. INH prophylaxis was generally well tolerated by these patients with psoriasis.",
"After 5 years, the differences in clinical outcome between patients treated with ZoMaxx vs. Taxus stents did not reach statistical significance. However, the nominally higher rate of ischemia-driven TLR (10.6 vs. 7.1%) and the previously reported higher rate of restenosis after 9 months suggest that the ZoMaxx stent afforded less neointimal inhibition when compared with Taxus. © 2013 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.",
"The management of AHF differs between ESC clinical classes and the use of i.v. vasoactive therapies is related to the initial SBP. However, there seems to be room for improvement in administration of vasodilators and NIV.",
"We conducted an open-label, randomized clinical trial to assess parasite clearance times (PCT) and the efficacy of 4 mg/kg (group 1, n = 22) and 2 mg/kg (group 2, n = 22) of oral artesunate for three days followed by artemether-lumefantrine in patients with uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria at Xepon Interdistrict Hospital, Savannakhet Province in southern Laos. Slides were read in duplicate. The overall mean (95% confidence interval; range) PCT in hours was 23.2 (21.2-25.3; 12-46) and 22.4 (20.3-24.5; 12-46) for the first and second microscopists, respectively (P = 0.57). Ten (23%) patients remained parasitemic on day 1 after treatment (4 [18%] in group 1 and 6 [27%] in group 2; P = 0.47). No patient had patent asexual parasitemia on the second and third days of treatment. The 42-day polymerase chain reaction-corrected cure rates were 100% in both treatment groups. Serious adverse events did not develop during or after treatment in any patients. In conclusion, no evidence of P. falciparum in vivo resistance to artesunate was found in southern Laos.",
"Low-dose oral propranolol significantly attenuated tachycardia and improved symptoms in POTS. Higher-dose propranolol did not further improve, and may worsen, symptoms.",
"After cardiac transplant, there is often development of restrictive cardiac physiology. Little is known about the factors that contribute to this physiology and its correlation with pathology. Heart retransplantation provides a valuable opportunity to further understand this relationship. In this study, we investigated the correlation of myocardial fibrosis and restrictive physiology, and possible risk factors utilizing data from all retransplants at our center. A retrospective review of the 30 patients who underwent retransplantation at our institution between 1994 and 2004 was performed. Hemodynamic and imaging data were reviewed for the presence of restrictive physiology. Pathology reports were reviewed for the presence of myocardial fibrosis in the explanted hearts. The cohort with restrictive physiology preceding redo heart transplant had significantly more patients exhibiting myocardial fibrosis compared with the non-restrictive physiology group (94.1% vs. 15.4%, p < 0.001). We found no difference in the immunosuppressive regimen, history of rejection, and reason for transplant. In our study, we observed that myocardial fibrosis is an important contributor to the development of restrictive physiology. Further work needs to be done for risk stratification and the mechanism of fibrosis development.",
"Resorption of the alveolar ridge may lead to ridge deformities that make dental implant placement difficult or impossible. Augmentation of the alveolar ridge may restore appropriate ridge form to allow implant placement. Forty-four patients with edentulous spaces completed this multicenter prospective trial to clinically and radiographically evaluate the efficacy of a bovine pericardium membrane and a particulate mineralized cancellous bone allograft in promoting lateral ridge augmentation. Overall, 38 of 44 patients (86.4%) were able to receive dental implants in the appropriate restoratively driven position 6 months after ridge augmentation. The mean gain in clinical ridge width after augmentation was 2.61 mm, while radiographically the mean gain in ridge width was 1.65 mm at a level 3 mm apical to the bony crest and 1.93 mm at a level 6 mm apical to the crest. On average, approximately 50% of the graft material added horizontally during surgery was displaced or resorbed during healing. Histomorphometric evaluation of cores taken from the augmented ridge at 6 months revealed that approximately 58% of the tissue volume was vital bone, with 12% residual allograft particles and 30% nonmineralized tissue.",
"The HIV-TB-associated immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome (TB-IRIS) can complicate combined treatments for HIV-1 and TB. Little is known about tissue damage in TB-IRIS. Matrix metalloproteinases (MMPs) degrade components of the extracellular matrix and consequently may play a role in such immunopathology. Here we investigated the involvement of MMPs in TB-IRIS. We determined MMP transcript abundance and secreted protein in Mycobacterium tuberculosis stimulated PBMCs from 22 TB-IRIS patients and 22 non-IRIS controls. We also measured MMP protein levels in corresponding serum and the effect of prednisone--which reduces the duration of symptoms in IRIS patients--or placebo treatment on MMP transcript and circulating MMP protein levels. PBMCs from TB-IRIS had increased MMP-1, -3, -7, and -10 transcript levels when compared with those of controls at either 6 or 24 h. Similarly, MMP-1, -3, -7, and -10 protein secretion in stimulated cultures was higher in TB-IRIS than in controls. Serum MMP-7 concentration was elevated in TB-IRIS and 2 weeks of corticosteroid therapy decreased this level, although not significantly. TB-IRIS is associated with a distinct pattern of MMP gene and protein activation. Modulation of dysregulated MMP activity may represent a novel therapeutic approach to alleviate TB-IRIS in HIV-TB patients undergoing treatment.",
"This paper examines the relationship between indoor residual spray (IRS) and malaria parasite infection in Gash Barka Zone, Eritrea, an area with near universal coverage of insecticide treated bednets (ITN) and already low malaria parasite prevalence. A community randomized control trial was conducted in 2009. Malaria parasite infection prevalence was 0.5% [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.37-0.78%], with no significant difference detected between treatment and control areas. ITN possession remains high, with over 70% of households reporting ITN ownership [95% CI: 68.4-72.9]. ITN use among individuals within ITN-owning households was just under half [46.7% (95% CI: 45.4-48.0)]. Slight differences in ITN possession and use were detected between treatment and control areas. There was no significant difference in malaria parasite infection prevalence among individuals in households with ≥1 ITN compared to those in households without ITNs, nor among individuals reporting ITN use. Among individuals in ITN-owning households, sleeping under an ITN offered no statistically significant protection from malaria parasite infection. Community participation in environmental and larval habitat management activities was low: 17.9% (95% CI: 16.0-19.7). It is likely that IRS, larval habitat management and ITN distribution alone may be insufficient to interrupt transmission without corresponding high ITN use, sustained IRS application in areas where infections are clustered, and promptly seeking laboratory diagnosis and treatment of all fevers. Eritrea is ready for elimination, irrespective of inconclusive impact evaluation results.",
"Patients with DM and NMIBC who do not take metformin seem to be at an increased risk of disease recurrence and progression; metformin use seems to exert a protective effect with regard to disease recurrence. The mechanisms behind the impact of DM on patients with NMIBC and the potential protective effect of metformin need further elucidation.",
"In persons with T2DM, no difference in duration of action following a single subcutaneous dose of insulin detemir and insulin glargine could be observed. Insulin detemir showed greater between subject variability and achieved a significantly higher maximum GIR than insulin glargine.",
"Providing a greater quantity of rizatriptan ODT 10 mg did not reduce the number of migraine days compared with providing 9 tablets per month for this population with episodic migraine with a frequency of 3-8 migraines per month. Regardless of quantity provided, rizatriptan was generally well tolerated.",
"Strategies to eliminate childhood TB deaths should include addressing the high-risk groups identified in this study, enhanced TB prevention, universal HIV testing and the development of a rapid diagnostic test.",
"This trial indicates the lack of effectiveness of imatinib in unselected patients with thymic epithelial tumors. Nevertheless, imatinib may represent a valuable option in selected patients with TETs, such as those harboring the V560del c-KIT mutation.",
"The analysis shows that in a 4-year perspective bimatoprost is cheaper compared to FS. In addition, the postponement of FS associated with bimatoprost may have important implications for waiting list planning.",
"We conducted a multicenter study to determine whether Mycobacterium tuberculosis complex (MTBC) cultures in automated broth-based systems could reliably be considered negative sooner than 6 weeks. Laboratory sites used Bactec MGIT or BacT/Alert and tracked results of time to detection of all mycobacteria (TTD-all, n = 1547) and of MTBC (TTD-MTBC, n = 466) over 6-month periods from primarily (93%) respiratory specimens. Cumulative percentages by day detected and median TTD of initial and follow-up specimens were analyzed. The median TTD-MTBC for MGIT (n = 6 sites) was 14 days. For laboratories using standard processing procedures, 100% of MTBC were detected from initial and follow-up specimens in 28 and 35 days, respectively, and no yield of MTBC on solid or MGIT liquid media was observed after 5 weeks. The median TTD-MTBC for BacT/Alert (n = 3 sites) was 18 days, with 95% and 100% detected within 37 and 42 days, respectively. Analysis of TTD of positive MTBC cultures in broth can predict the probability of culture negativity at defined time points. Receipt of interim negative reports earlier than 6 weeks could assist clinicians in considering alternative diagnoses and could alter the timing and prioritization of public health interventions. Laboratories should analyze their own TTD data to inform protocol decisions. Laboratories using MGIT could issue reports of no growth of MTBC on initial specimens as early as 4 weeks and for patients undergoing treatment as early as 5 weeks postinoculation.",
"By 4 months, 15 of the 19 patients (79%) in the immediate-start group and 7 of the 20 (35%) in the delayed-start group had culture conversion (P=0.001). Most patients (34 of 39 [87%]) had a negative sputum culture within 6 months after linezolid had been added to their drug regimen. Of the 38 patients with exposure to linezolid, 31 (82%) had clinically significant adverse events that were possibly or probably related to linezolid, including 3 patients who discontinued therapy. Patients who received 300 mg per day after the second randomization had fewer adverse events than those who continued taking 600 mg per day. Thirteen patients completed therapy and have not had a relapse. Four cases of acquired resistance to linezolid have been observed.",
"Targeted strengthening of the health-care system, including improving patient access, addressing deficiencies in health-related human resources, and improving laboratory networks and linkages as well as community mobilization will make for better outcomes in tuberculosis diagnosis.",
"This study showed that bimatoprost maintained > or =100% concentration throughout the study period while latanoprost did not.",
"Palpitations is a common complaint in patients who visit the emergency department (ED), with causes ranging from benign to life threatening. We analyzed the ED component of the National Hospital Ambulatory Medical Care Survey for 2001 through 2010 for visits with a chief complaint of palpitations and calculated nationally representative weighted estimates for prevalence, demographic characteristics, and admission rates. ED and hospital discharge diagnoses were tabulated and categorized, and recursive partitioning was used to identify factors associated with admission. An estimated 684,000 visits had a primary reason for visit of "palpitations" representing a national prevalence of 5.8 per 1,000 ED visits (0.58%, 95% confidence interval 0.52 to 0.64). Women and non-Hispanic whites were responsible for most visits. A cardiac diagnosis made up 34% of all ED diagnoses. The overall admission rate was 24.6% (95% confidence interval 21.2 to 28.1), with higher rates seen in the Midwest and Northeast compared with the West. Survey-weighted recursive partitioning revealed several factors associated with admission including age >50 years, male gender, cardiac ED diagnosis, tachycardia, hypertension, and Medicare insurance. In conclusion, palpitations are responsible for a significant minority of ED visits and are associated with a cardiac diagnosis roughly 1/3 of the time. This was associated with a relatively high admission rate, although significant regional variation in these rates exists.",
"The results of the present study confirm the usefulness of the MS-Q questionnaire for the early detection and assessment of migraine in PC settings, and its ability to detect hidden migraine.",
"This study indicates augmented blood flow in the optic nerve head and choroid after 6 months of treatment with dorzolamide, but not with timolol. It remains to be established whether this effect can help to reduce visual field loss in patients with glaucoma.",
"Iodopovidone and cosmetic talc are equally efficacious and safe agents for chemical pleurodesis.",
"Among patients with atrial fibrillation treated with anticoagulation, the risk of ICH was higher among Asians, blacks, the elderly, and in those with previous stroke or transient ischemic attack, increased diastolic blood pressure, and reduced platelet count or serum albumin at baseline. The risk of ICH was significantly lower in patients with heart failure and in those who were randomized to rivaroxaban instead of warfarin. The external validity of these findings requires testing in other atrial fibrillation populations.",
"These piperaquine PK/PD data represent the first in children <2 years of age. Piperaquine exposure on day 7 correlated with an increased risk of recurrent malaria after DP treatment in children receiving TMP-SMX prophylaxis. Interestingly, despite strong associations, infants remained at risk for malaria, even if they had residual levels of piperaquine.",
"There was a significant increase in the incidence of first-ever stroke in women annually and a declining trend in the male/female rate ratio in rural China during the past 21 years. These results suggest that stroke will become one of the major diseases affecting women in future decades in China.",
"null",
"In the hands of trained clinicians, insertion of CVCs is a safe procedure. We found no value of routine X-ray control and omission of routine chest X-ray must be considered.",
"When compared with UFH+GPI, bivalirudin resulted in lower 3-year rates of major bleeding (6.9% vs. 10.5%, hazard ratio [HR]: 0.64 [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.51 to 0.80], p < 0.0001) and cardiac mortality (2.9% vs. 5.1%, HR: 0.56 [95% CI: 0.40 to 0.80], p = 0.001). Three-year cardiac mortality was reduced in bivalirudin-treated patients with major bleeding (20 fewer deaths with bivalirudin; 5.8% vs. 14.6%, p = 0.025) and without major bleeding (18 fewer deaths with bivalirudin; 2.6% vs. 3.8%, p = 0.048). In a fully-adjusted multivariable model accounting for major bleeding and other adverse events, bivalirudin was still associated with a 43% reduction in 3-year cardiac mortality (adjusted HR: 0.57 [95% CI: 0.39 to 0.83], p = 0.003).",
"In patients with anterior Killip class II or less ST-segment-elevation myocardial infarction undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention, early intravenous metoprolol before reperfusion reduced infarct size and increased left ventricular ejection fraction with no excess of adverse events during the first 24 hours after STEMI.",
"IV MgSO4 was well tolerated but had no effect on the LOS in hospital, pain scores, or cumulative analgesia use in admitted children with a VOE.",
"We hypothesized that the addition of mitral valve replacement or repair (MVR) to implantation of continuous-flow left ventricular assist device (cf-LVAD) may further decrease pulmonary vascular resistance (PVR) over Heartmate II (HMII) implantation alone. Patients undergoing MVR with concomitant HMII implantation were compared with those undergoing HMII implantation alone. Of the 57 patients undergoing cf-LVAD implantation, 21 (36.8%) underwent concomitant MVR and 36 (63.2%) underwent cf-LVAD implantation alone. Patients receiving MVR had greater decrement in PVR (59.4% vs. 35.2%, p = 0.01). Decrease in end-diastolic diameter was greater for patients receiving MVR but did not reach statistical significance (18.2 vs. 13.5 mm, p = 0.33). Duration of mechanical ventilation (121.6 vs. 181.4 hours, p = 0.45) and inotropic support (162.4 vs. 153.2 hours, p = 0.86), change in creatinine (0.19 vs. -0.26 mg/dl, p = 0.34), increase in bilirubin (2.54 vs. 1.55 mg/dl, p = 0.63), intensive care unit stay (168.0 vs. 231.5 hours, p = 0.38), and overall length of stay (32.0 vs. 42.5 days, p = 0.75) were similar. There was no difference in survival at 3 months (89.7% vs. 83.3%) and 1 year (83.7 vs. 67.3%, p = 0.34). Addition of MVR may result in greater decrement of PVR than HMII implantation alone. This may permit certain patients thought to be ineligible for transplantation to become candidates.",
"The agreement between QFT-G and TST test is fair and there is no significant difference in both cut off values of TST in screening of LTBI in ESRD cases receiving HD.",
"null",
"African Americans with HF and AF (vs no AF) were older, had lower BP, and had higher creatinine and brain natriuretic peptide levels. Mortality and morbidity were worse when AF was present, and these data suggest that there may be an enhanced survival benefit with the use of FDC I/H in AA patients with HF and AF.",
"Screening for CKD among high-risk individuals is uncommon. KEEP is an effective program for detecting CKD.",
"Abnormal heart iron levels and myocardial scars are not a common finding in SCD despite increased liver iron overload. The significantly different ventricular function seen in SCD compared to normal suggests the changes in RV and LV function may not be due to the anemia alone. Future studies are necessary to confirm this association.",
"This is the first published report on malaria diagnostic capacity in Ethiopia. While our assessment indicated that malaria laboratory diagnosis was available in most facilities surveyed, we observed significant gaps in laboratory services which could significantly impact quality and accessibility of malaria diagnosis, including laboratory infrastructure, equipment, laboratory supplies and human resources.",
"LV systolic function improved by a similar magnitude following primary PCI, with either IC or IV bolus administration of GP IIb/IIIa inhibitor therapy. However, no significant changes were observed in LV diastolic function.",
"Although the short-term success rates after VT ablation in NIDCM and ICM patients were similar, the long-term outcomes in NIDCM patients were significantly worse. Complete VT noninducibility at the end of the ablation is associated with beneficial long-term outcome in NIDCM. Pursuing compete elimination of all inducible VTs is desirable and may improve the long-term success in NIDCM.",
"Laropiprant, an antagonist of the PGD(2) receptor, DP1, is effective in reducing the flushing symptoms associated with extended-release (ER) niacin and thereby improves the tolerability of niacin therapy for dyslipidemia. Because PGD(2) has been reported to inhibit platelet aggregation in vitro, it has been speculated that antagonism of DP1 may enhance platelet reactivity. Three clinical studies evaluated the potential effect of laropiprant, with or without coadministration of ER niacin, on in vivo platelet function in healthy subjects and hypercholesterolemic or diabetic subjects by measuring urinary levels of 11-dehydrothromboxane B(2) (11-dTxB(2)), a marker of in vivo platelet activation. Following 7 days of multiple-dose administration, coadministration of laropiprant with ER niacin did not increase urinary 11-dTxB(2) levels compared to ER niacin alone in healthy, hypercholesterolemic, or diabetic subjects. In hypercholesterolemic and diabetic subjects, laropiprant did not increase urinary 11-dTxB(2) levels compared to placebo. These results demonstrate that laropiprant does not enhance in vivo platelet reactivity, either alone or in combination with niacin.",
"LA pressure, AF type, and LA volume index are independent predictors for recurrence of AF after PVI. LA pressure may be helpful especially in patients with small atria, where AF type is not predictive.",
"Depressed parasympathetic activity has been proposed to be associated with an increased risk of sudden death. Parasympathetic effects (PE) on cardiac electrophysiology during exercise and recovery have not been studied in patients with left ventricular dysfunction. We performed noninvasive electrophysiological studies (NI-EPS) and characterized the electrophysiological properties of the sinus node, atrioventricular (AV) node, and ventricle in subjects with depressed left ventricular ejection fraction and dual-chamber defibrillators. NI-EPS were performed during rest, exercise, and recovery at baseline and after parasympathetic blockade with atropine to assess PE (the difference between parameter values in the 2 conditions). Ten subjects (9 men: age, 60 +/- 9 yr; and left ventricular ejection fraction, 29 +/- 8%) completed the study. All NI-EPS parameters decreased during exercise and trended toward rest values during recovery. PE at rest, during exercise, and during recovery, respectively, were on sinus cycle length, 320 +/- 71 (P = 0.0001), 105 +/- 60 (P = 0.0003), and 155 +/- 82 ms (P = 0.0002); on AV block cycle length, 137 +/- 136 (P = 0.09), 37 +/- 19 (P = 0.002), and 61 +/- 39 ms (P = 0.006); on AV interval, 58 +/- 32 (P = 0.035), 22 +/- 13 (P = 0.002), and 36 +/- 20 ms (P = 0.001); on ventricular effective refractory period, 15.8 +/- 11.3 (P = 0.02), 4.7 +/- 15.2 (P = 0.38), and 6.8 +/- 15.5 ms (P = 0.20); and on QT interval, 13 +/- 12 (P = 0.13), 3 +/- 17 (P = 0.6), and 20 +/- 23 (P = 0.04). In conclusion, we describe for the first time the changes in cardiac electrophysiology and PE during rest, exercise, and recovery in subjects with left ventricular dysfunction. PEs are preserved in these patients. Thus the role of autonomic changes in the pathophysiology of sudden death requires further exploration.",
"The objective of this paper was to assess prevalence and characteristics of anxiety and depression in migraine without aura and tension-type headache, either isolated or in combination. Although the association between headache and psychiatric disorders is undisputed, patients with migraine and/or tension-type headache have been frequently investigated in different settings and using different tests, which prevents meaningful comparisons. Psychiatric comorbidity was tested through structured interview and the MINI inventory in 158 adults with migraine without aura and in 216 persons with tension-type headache or migraine plus tension-type headache. 49 patients reported psychiatric disorders: migraine 10.9%, tension-type headache 12.8%, and migraine plus tension-type headache 21.4%. The MINI detected a depressive episode in 59.9, 67.0, and 69.6% of cases. Values were 18.4, 19.3, and 18.4% for anxiety, 12.7, 5.5, and 14.2%, for panic disorder and 2.3, 1.1 and 9.4% (p = 0.009) for obsessive-compulsive disorder. Multivariate analysis showed panic disorder prevailing in migraine compared with the other groups (OR 2.9; 95% CI 1.2-7.0). The association was higher (OR 6.3; 95% CI 1.4-28.5) when migraine (with or without tension-type headache) was compared to pure tension-type headache. This also applied to obsessive-compulsive disorder (OR 4.8; 95% CI 1.1-20.9) in migraine plus tension-type headache. Psychopathology of primary headache can reflect shared risk factors, pathophysiologic mechanisms, and disease burden.",
"The incidence of postoperative AF in the levosimendan group was reduced significantly in patients with poor left ventricle function after CABG operations.",
"Visual acuity, contrast sensitivity, and multifocal ERG are sensitive tests to detect ethambutol toxicity in subclinical stages and hence very useful tools for monitoring patients under ethambutol therapy for ocular toxicity.",
"Lower community-level HHI is associated with higher inpatient costs of care for 4 of 5 common pediatric conditions. These findings highlight the need to consider socioeconomic status in health care system design, delivery, and reimbursement calculations.",
"This study aimed to evaluate whether intermittent preventive treatment in infants with sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine (IPTi-SP) had an effect on the acquisition of IgG against Plasmodium falciparum variant surface antigens (VSA) and growth-inhibitory antibodies in Manhiça, Mozambique. In addition, we assessed factors affecting the magnitude of these responses and the association between antibody levels and protection against malaria. IgG to VSA expressed by MOZ2, R29 and E8B parasite isolates were measured in plasma samples collected at 5, 9, 12 and 24 months of age by flow cytometry. Growth-inhibitory antibodies in dialyzed plasmas using GFP-D10 parasites were measured by flow cytometry at 12 and 24 months. IPTi-SP did not significantly modify the levels of IgG against VSA nor the growth-inhibitory capacity of antibodies up to 2 years of age. Age but not previous episodes of malaria influenced the magnitude of these responses. In addition, anti-VSA IgG levels were 7% higher in children with current P. falciparum infection and were associated with neighborhood of residence. Children aged 24 months had 10% less parasite growth than those aged 12 months (95% CI 0.88-0.93, P<0.0001). Growth-inhibitory antibodies correlated with levels of IgG against AMA-1, when evaluating the 10% (R(2)=0.444, P=0.049) and 20% (R(2)=0.230, P=0.037) highest inhibitory samples. None of the responses were associated with subsequent risk of malaria. In conclusion, IPTi-SP does not negatively affect the development of antibody responses thought to be major contributors to the acquisition of immunity to malaria in infancy.",
"null",
"Treatment with hydroxyurea for 24 months did not influence GFR in young children with SCA. However, hydroxyurea was associated with better urine concentrating ability and less renal enlargement, suggesting some benefit to renal function.",
"Expiratory chest roentgenograms are not indicated as a routine investigation for patients in whom pneumothorax is suspected.",
"The authors studied the long-term clinical and hematological response to hydroxyurea (HU) therapy in young patients, with either S/beta-thalassemia (beta(thal)) (8 patients) or SS (6 patients). All patients with S/beta(thal) responded well to treatment. Longitudinal evaluation of Hb, HbF, and MCV showed a significant increase compared to baseline levels, but the pattern of HbF changes varied among patients. Changes in HbF and Hb correlated well with baseline HbF. Favorable clinical responses, as documented by decline in hospitalization days for vasoocclusive crisis and transfused units of packed red blood cells, were also noted. During treatment, 1 patient was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma and 2 patients developed bilateral avascular necrosis of the femoral head. HU seems to be effective in a high proportion of young patients with sickle cell disease and in particular with S/beta(thal), but cannot eliminate occurrence of serious adverse events.",
"Antibodies to polymorphic antigens expressed during the parasites erythrocytic stages are important mediators of protective immunity against P. falciparum malaria. Therefore, polymorphic blood stage antigens like MSP3, EBA-175 and GLURP and variant surface antigens PfEMP1 and RIFIN are considered vaccine candidates. However, to what extent these antibodies to blood stage antigens are acquired during naive individuals' first infections has not been studied in depth. Using plasma samples collected from controlled experimental P. falciparum infections we show that antibodies against variant surface antigens, PfEMP1 and RIFIN as well as MSP3 and GLURP, are acquired during a single short low density P. falciparum infection in non-immune individuals including strain transcendent PfEMP1 immune responses. These data indicate that the immunogenicity of the variant surface antigens is similar to the less diverse merozoite antigens. The acquisition of a broad and strain transcendent repertoire of PfEMP1 antibodies may reflect a parasite strategy of expressing most or all PfEMP1 variants at liver release optimizing the likelihood of survival and establishment of chronic infections in the new host.",
"A strong correlation was observed between serum sotalol concentration and QTc prolongation across the entire concentration range. Low-dose sotalol caused significant QT prolongation. At similar concentrations, intravenous and oral sotalol caused similar QT and QTc effects. Knowing the QT effect can be used to guide further dose increase.",
"Implementation of site-specific interventions for quality improvement of specific measures in stroke was difficult to achieve in a 6-month time frame and led to improved adherence for only one of 3 PMs. Studies with a longer intervention period and more sites are required to determine whether tailored interventions can enhance stroke improvement.",
"With limitations an immediate out-of-hospital therapeutic hypothermia strategy was feasible and safe in patients with STE-ACS undergoing primary PCI.",
"Based on these results, steroid-resistant NS children generally are at high risk of cardiovascular complications, but the increased risk is likely to be multifactorial.",
"Evaluation of: Farkouh ME, Domanski M, Sleeper LA et al. Strategies for multivessel revascularization in patients with diabetes. N. Engl. J. Med. 367, 2375-2384 (2012). The FREEDOM trial enrolled 1900 patients with diabetes and multivessel coronary disease to percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with drug-eluting stents or coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG). In the drug-eluting stents arm, 94% were treated with the first-generation drug-eluting stents. The median duration of follow-up among survivors was 3.8 years. The primary outcome, a composite of death from any cause, nonfatal myocardial infarction or nonfatal stroke, occurred more frequently in the PCI group, with 5-year rates of 26.6% in the PCI group and 18.7% in the CABG group, a statistically significant relative-risk reduction of 30%. Stroke rates were significantly higher in the CABG group, with 5-year rates of 2.4% in the PCI group and 5.2% in the CABG group.",
"Baseline QRS duration independently stratifies 30-day mortality in patients with anterior AMI, even when unaccompanied by RBBB, but does not stratify mortality risk in patients with inferior AMI.",
"The full-field PhNR amplitude provides a potentially reversible measure of inner retinal function that improves after IOP lowering. Further study now is required to assess its use as a measure of optic nerve health in glaucoma patients.",
"From April 2005 to April 2006, a phase 2 malaria vaccine trial in Kenya enrolled 400 children aged 12-47 months. Each received mixed supervised and unsupervised artemether-lumefantrine for uncomplicated malaria, using a standard six-dose regimen, by weight. Children were followed for detection of parasitemia and clinical malaria. A median of two negative malaria blood films occurred during every recurrent parasitemia (RP) episode, suggesting reinfection over late recrudescence. Median time to RP after starting artemether-lumefantrine was 37 days (36-38). Of 2,020 evaluable artemether-lumefantrine treatments, there were no RPs in 99% by day 14, 71% by day 28, and 41% by day 42. By World Health Organization standards, 71% of treatment courses had adequate responses. Although recrudescence in some cannot be ruled out, our cohort had a shorter median time to RP compared with other artemether-lumefantrine treatment studies. This underscores patient counseling on completing all treatment doses for optimal protection from RP.",
"The treatment efficacy of artesunate-amodiaquine (AQ) coformulated or copackaged, and the plasma and saliva concentrations of desethylamodiaquine (DEAQ), the active metabolite of AQ, were evaluated in 120 and 7 children, respectively, with uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria treated with oral daily doses of the 2 formulations for 3 days. All children recovered clinically. Fever clearance (1.1 ± 0.2 vs 1.0 ± 0 days) and parasite clearance times (21.1 ± 10.2 vs 19.0 ± 7.0 hours) in artesunate-AQ coformulated and artesunate-AQ copackaged treated children, respectively, were similar. All children remained aparasitemic for at least 28 days. Blood and saliva samples were collected over 35 days and DEAQ in plasma and saliva was determined by high-performance liquid chromatography. DEAQ was detectable in plasma and saliva within 40 minutes of oral administration of artesunate-AQ. DEAQ concentrations 7 days after the start of therapy were 247.8 and 125.1 ng/mL in plasma and saliva, respectively. The concentration-time curves of plasma and saliva in declining phases were approximately parallel giving a similar half-life of 169.1 ± 16.4 and 142.8 ± 6.5 hours in plasma and saliva, respectively. Clearance from plasma and saliva was also similar (335.6 and 443.4 mL·h·kg, respectively). Area under concentration-time curves (AUC0-35d) for plasma and saliva were 94,744.9 and 74,004.2 ng·mL·h, respectively. In general, Saliva-plasma concentration ratio was 0.25-0.4. DEAQ concentrations in saliva may be useful for monitoring therapy and for the evaluation of the disposition of AQ in children with falciparum malaria treated with AQ-based combination.",
"Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an emerging treatment for pain but there is no class 1 study on its role in migraine prophylaxis. In this study we report the efficacy and safety of high-rate rTMS in migraine prophylaxis. Adult migraine patients having >4 attacks/month were randomized to high-rate rTMS or sham stimulation. Stimulation in the form of 10 Hz rTMS, 600 pulses in 10 trains were delivered to the hot spot of the right abductor digiti minimi in 412 s. Three sessions were delivered on alternate days. The outcome was defined at 1 month. The primary outcome measures were reduction in headache frequency and severity >50 % as assessed by the Visual Analogue Scale (VAS). The secondary outcome measures were functional disability, rescue medication and adverse events. Fifty patients each were randomized to rTMS or sham stimulation. The baseline characteristics of rTMS and sham stimulation groups were similar. At 1 month, headache frequency (78.7 vs. 33.3 %; P = 0.0001) and VAS score (76.6 vs. 27.1 %; P = 0.0001) improved significantly in the patients receiving rTMS compared to those in the sham stimulation group. Functional disability also improved significantly in rTMS group (P = 0.0001). Only one patient following rTMS developed transient drowsiness and was withdrawn from the study. This study provides evidence of the efficacy and safety of 10 Hz rTMS in migraine prophylaxis.",
"Patients with bicuspid aortic valves (BAVs) are considered a relative contraindication to transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI). One of the main reasons is the presumed risk for residual aortic regurgitation (AR). However, case reports and small case series have suggested that TAVI can be successfully performed with acceptable clinical outcomes in high-risk patients with BAV. Within the large German TAVI Registry, we sought to evaluate TAVI in older high-risk patients with BAV. From January 2009 to June 2010, a total of 1,424 patients with severe aortic stenosis undergoing TAVI were prospectively enrolled into the German TAVI Registry. For the present analysis, patients with valve-in-valve procedures were excluded and those with BAV (n = 38, 3%) were compared with those with tricuspid aortic valve (TAV; n = 1357, 97%). Patient characteristics did not markedly differ and procedural success was very high in both groups. There was a higher rate of relevant AR (≥II) after TAVI among patients with BAV (25 vs 15%, p = 0.05), whereas pacemakers were more often implanted in patients with TAV (17% vs 35%, p = 0.02). Thirty-day mortality rate was similar in both cohorts (11% vs 11%). In a Cox proportional regression analysis, BAV was not associated with higher 1-year mortality rate (hazard ratio 0.64, 95% confidence interval 0.29 to 1.41). In selected patients with BAV, TAVI can be performed with a satisfactory clinical result. Although the risk for relevant AR seems to be greater among patients with BAV, 30-day and 1-year mortality rates were not elevated compared with patients with TAV.",
"The migraine-like attacks during, and immediately after, the PGE(2) infusion contrast with those found in previous provocation studies, in which the other pharmacological compounds triggered the delayed migraine-like attacks several hours after the infusion. We suggest that PGE(2) may be one of the important final products involved in the generation of migraine attacks.",
"Two patients with metastatic pheochromocytoma received chemotherapy with 5-fluorouracil, cyclophosphamide, and streptozotocin. A biochemical response occurred in one instance. A review of the literature and the results in the reported patients indicate cyclophosphamide and/or streptozotocin may have activity in this neoplasm.",
"The health status of children in institutionalised care is poor and needs better supervision and support to facilitate growth and wellbeing.",
"We found a wide distribution of APTT in NVAF patients under dabigatran treatment. High APTT might help screen for bleeding risks among patients under dabigatran, but requires future investigation.",
"A humanized murine sickle cell-disease (SCD) model (NY1DD) has been used to study ischemia/reperfusion injury (IRI) in sickle cell anemia, and iNKT cells (a very small subset of murine and human T cells) have been found to instigate such injury in this model. Furthermore, levels of activated iNKT cells are generally elevated in the circulation of patients with SCD. Because activated iNKT cells are rich in adenosine A2A receptors which, when agonized, down-regulate the inflammatory cytokine expression that characterizes the cells, we have conducted a phase 1 trial of a constant infusion of low-dose regadenoson (an adenosine analogue with high A2A receptor specificity) to determine its safety and the capacity of a safe dose to down-regulate circulating iNKT cells in patients with SCD. We have found two dose rates that are both safe and effective and now plan a controlled Phase 2B clinical trial to determine whether our highest dose, administered as a 48-hour constant infusion, will induce faster remission in both painful vaso-occlusive crisis (pVOC) and acute chest syndrome (ACS).",
"In previously untreated patients with POAG, TDFC, and latanoprost equally enhanced 24-hour DOPP: the former by counteracting the decrease in DBP with a substantial reduction in IOP and the latter by not affecting DBP and significantly reducing IOP. (isrctn.org number, ISRCTN67123277.).",
"In the year after initiation, adherence to dabigatran for a majority of patients is very good. However, 28% of patients in our cohort had poor adherence. Furthermore, lower adherence to dabigatran was associated with increased adverse outcomes. Concerted efforts are needed to optimize adherence to NOACs.",
"Migraine is a widespread, relapsing, remittent syndrome. No animal model predicts whether test medications will be clinically useful. Using a modern, well-controlled, sophisticated study design, Derosier et al. demonstrates not only that a butalbital formulation has modest efficacy as an acute treatment for migraine but also that a sumatriptan-naproxen combination is superior. These conclusions are reached using a variety of internally consistent secondary efficacy end points. The primary end point chosen (highly conservative and fashionable in some academic circles) was a technical failure (and not a negative experimental finding). Migraine is intrinsically pleiomorphic: diverse treatment options help match patient with therapy. This study does not justify blanket bans on (admittedly hazardous) barbiturate therapies, and regulators should not impose end point conservatism to an extent that will stifle further progress.",
"In patients presenting with coronary artery disease, moderate to severe OSA was independently associated with a larger total atheroma volume in the target coronary artery. Further studies on the effects of CPAP on total atheroma volume are warranted.",
"The use of statins might have a protective effect against ST. This observation is new, hypothesis-generating and should be evaluated in an adequately powered randomized trial.",
"From 1978 to 1985 96 patients with their first spontaneous pneumothorax were randomised into three groups, receiving either treatment with simple drainage (34 patients), drainage with tetracycline pleurodesis (33 patients), or drainage with talc pleurodesis (29 patients). There were 58 men and 38 women, aged 18-88 years. There was no significant difference between the three groups in the mean time in hospital or the period for which the drains were retained. The incidence of infection, persistent pneumothorax, and relapse while in hospital was also similar for the three groups. At follow-up in 1987-89 patients could be accounted for, with an average follow-up period of 4.6 years. The incidence of recurrence was 36% in the simple drainage group, 13% in the tetracycline pleurodesis group, and 8% in the talc pleurodesis group. The difference between the talc and simple drainage groups was significant. None of the methods caused severe short or long term side effects or changes in the follow-up chest radiograph. Thoracoscopy, performed on admission in 85 patients, showed normal appearances in 73 patients and small cysts in 12. The thoracoscopic findings were of no value in predicting recurrence. Talc pleurodesis resulted in a significantly lower recurrence rate than simple drainage, tetracycline pleurodesis having intermediate efficacy.",
"ESD appears to be a safe, feasible, and effective procedure for providing accurate histopathologic evaluations, as well as curative treatments for SMTs of the EGJ originating from the muscularis propria layer.",
"In real-world use in children and teenagers, S-ICD may offer similar survival benefit to transvenous ICD, with a lower incidence of complications requiring reoperation. In the absence of randomized trials, S-ICD should be compared prospectively with transvenous ICD in large multicenter registries with comparable periods of follow-up.",
"Patients with obstructive hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HC) have various left ventricular (LV) shapes: reverse septal curvature (RSC, commonly familial), sigmoid septum (SS, common in hypertensives), and concentric hypertrophy (CH). Longitudinal (systolic and early diastolic) strain rate (SR) is sensitive in detecting regional myocardial dysfunction. We sought to determine differences in longitudinal SR of patients with obstructive HC, based on LV shapes. We studied 199 consecutive patients with HC (50% men) referred for surgical myectomy. Clinical and echocardiographic parameters were recorded. LV shapes were classified on echocardiography, using basal septal 1/3 to posterior wall ratio: RSC = ratio >1.3 (extending to mid and distal septum), SS = ratio >1.3 (extending only to basal 1/3), and concentric = ratio ≤1.3. Longitudinal systolic and early diastolic SRs were measured from apical 4- and 2-chamber views (VVI 2.0; Siemens, Erlangen). Distribution of RSC, SS, and CH was 50%, 28%, and 22%, respectively. Patients with RSC were significantly younger (47 ± 12 vs 64 ± 10 and 57 ± 11, respectively) with lower hypertension (40% vs 71% and 67%, respectively) than patients with SS or CH (both p <0.001). Patients with RSC had lower global systolic (-0.99 ± 0.3 vs -1.05 ± 0.3 and -1.17 ± 0.3) and early diastolic SR (0.95 ± 0.4 vs 0.98 ± 0.3 and 1.16 ± 0.4) versus patients with SS and CH (in 1/s, both p <0.01), despite being much younger and less hypertensive. RSC was associated with abnormal global LV systolic (beta 0.16) and early diastolic (beta -0.17) SR (both p <0.01). In conclusion, patients with HC with RCS have significantly abnormal LV mechanics, despite being younger and less hypertensive. A combination of LV mechanics and shapes could help differentiate between genetically mediated and other causes of obstructive HC.",
"null",
"Our findings suggest that decreased values of ABI are more common in migraineurs than in controls. Although causality was not assessed by us, the relationship is of importance per se. Doctors should measure the ABI in individuals with migraine as an easy way to screen for cardiovascular risk.",
"The use of bivalirudin in the prehospital setting for primary angioplasty seems to be effective and safe about ischemic and bleeding complications during the inhospital outcome.",
"MV repair with the Cardinal adjustable annuloplasty ring is a reliable technique that enables the adjustment of the ring diameter on a beating heart under echocardiographic control. Such technology allows the optimization of leaflet coaptation, providing minimal residual MR and durable repair.",
"This pilot study demonstrated that statistical benefit for reduction of headache days over baseline for both pre-emptive frovatriptan and daily topiramate. Subjects utilizing pre-emptive frovatriptan experienced fewer adverse events leading to study withdrawal. Subjects utilizing daily topiramate had fewer headache days at Month 2.",
"Our findings suggest that physical abuse, emotional abuse, and emotional neglect may be risk factors for development of chronic headache, including transformed migraine. The association of maltreatment and headache frequency appears to be independent of depression and anxiety, which are related to both childhood abuse and chronic daily headache. The finding that emotional abuse was associated with an earlier age of migraine onset may have implications for the role of stress responses in migraine pathophysiology.",
"To protect HIV-infected patients and health care workers, there is an urgent need to scale up IC practices at HIV care and treatment sites, particularly at sites without anti-tuberculosis treatment services.",
"Headache syndromes often involve occipital and neck symptoms suggesting a functional connectivity between nociceptive trigeminal and cervical afferents. Several studies have suggested that pain relief in migraine and other types of headache can be achieved by local injections of steroids, local anaesthetics or a mixture of both in the area of greater occipital nerve (GON). Usually greater occipital nerve block (GONB) is performed by using local anaesthetics alone or with steroid. The rationale of performing a GONB for the treatment of chronic headache states is on the anatomical connections between trigeminal and upper cervical sensory fibres at the level of the trigeminal nucleus caudalis. However, the reason for the improvement after GONB in primary headache is unknown. The objective of this study is to determine whether adding triamcinolone to local anaesthetics increased the efficacy of GONB and trigger point injections (TPIs) for chronic migraine (TM). Patients with TM were randomized to receive GONB and TPIs using lidocaine 2% and bupivacaine 0.5% + either saline or triamcinolone 40 mg. Particularly, a 10-ml syringe containing 4.5 ml of lidocaine 2%, 4.5 ml of bupivacaine 0.5% and 1 ml of either saline (group A) or triamcinolone 40 mg/ml (group B) was prepared for each patients. Patients were given bilateral GONB and TPIs in the cervical paraspinal and trapezius muscles bilaterally. 2 ml were injected into each GON at the medial third of the distance between the occipital protuberance and the mastoid process. In addition, 0.5 ml was injected into each of the 12 trigger points. The total injected volume was 10 ml. The primary outcome measure was the change in mean headache severity from before injection to 20 min after in the two groups. Secondary outcome measures were the change in mean neck pain, photophobia and phonofobia severity from before injection to 20 min after in the two groups. Patients documented headache and severity of associated symptoms for 4 weeks after injection. Changes in symptom severity were compared between the two groups. Thirty-seven patients were included. Twenty minutes after injection, mean headache severity decreased by 3.2 points in group A (p < 0.01) and by 3.1 points in group B (p < 0.01). Mean neck pain severity decreased by 1.5 points in group A (p < 0.01) and by 1.7 points in group B (p < 0.01). Mean duration of being headache-free was 2.7 +/- 3.8 days in group A and 1.0 +/- 1.1 days in group B (p = 0.67). None of the outcome measures differed significantly between the two groups. Both treatments were full tolerated. In our study, adding triamcinolone to local anaesthetic when performing GONB and TPIs was not associated with improved outcome in the sample of patients with TM. In both groups, the procedure resulted in significant and rapid relief of headache, neck pain, photophobia and phonofobia.",
"The CARMENTA trial investigates whether implementing CTA or CMR early in the diagnostic process in suspected non-ST-elevation MI based on elevated hs-cTnT can prevent unnecessary ICA as compared with routine clinical management, with no detrimental effect on clinical outcome.",
"Diabetic kidney disease is associated worldwide with higher levels of plasma triglycerides and lower levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol among patients with good control of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. Retinopathy was less robustly associated with these lipids. These results strengthen the rationale for studying dyslipidemia treatment to prevent diabetic microvascular disease.",
"Regardless of various CT machines and protocols, a washout rate of 15-min-delayed CT was most useful in the diagnosis of adrenal adenomas due to the early inflow and outflow of contrast media in the tissues of adrenal adenomas.",
"IMPI is the largest trial yet conducted comparing adjunctive immunotherapy in pericarditis. Its results will define the role of adjunctive corticosteroids and M. w immunotherapy in patients with TB pericardial effusion.",
"Oral rinse prior to sputum expectoration is a promising strategy to reduce mycobacterial culture contamination in areas with high HIV prevalence, if strategies can be devised to reduce the adverse impact of oral rinse on smear- and culture-positivity.",
"Our goal is to develop a vaccine that sustainably prevents Plasmodium falciparum (Pf) malaria in ≥80% of recipients. Pf sporozoites (PfSPZ) administered by mosquito bites are the only immunogens shown to induce such protection in humans. Such protection is thought to be mediated by CD8(+) T cells in the liver that secrete interferon-γ (IFN-γ). We report that purified irradiated PfSPZ administered to 80 volunteers by needle inoculation in the skin was safe, but suboptimally immunogenic and protective. Animal studies demonstrated that intravenous immunization was critical for inducing a high frequency of PfSPZ-specific CD8(+), IFN-γ-producing T cells in the liver (nonhuman primates, mice) and conferring protection (mice). Our results suggest that intravenous administration of this vaccine will lead to the prevention of infection with Pf malaria.",
"Pharmacokinetic differences between piperaquine (PQ) base and PQ tetraphosphate were investigated in 34 Papua New Guinean children aged 5 to 10 years treated for uncomplicated malaria with artemisinin-PQ (ART-PQ) base or dihydroartemisinin-PQ (DHA-PQ) tetraphosphate. Twelve children received ART-PQ base (two daily doses of 3 mg of ART and 18 mg of PQ base as granules/kg of body weight) as recommended by the manufacturer, with regular clinical assessment and blood sampling over 56 days. PQ concentrations in plasma samples collected from 22 children of similar ages with malaria in a previously published pharmacokinetic study of DHA-PQ tetraphosphate (three daily doses of 2.5 mg of ART and 20 mg of PQ tetraphosphate as tablets/kg of body weight) were available for comparison. The disposition of ART was also assessed in the 12 children who received ART-PQ base. Plasma PQ was assayed by high-performance liquid chromatography with UV detection, and ART was assayed using liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. Multicompartment pharmacokinetic models for PQ and ART were developed using a population-based approach. ART-PQ base was well tolerated, and initial fever abatement and parasite clearance were prompt. There were no differences between the two treatments in the values for the PQ area under the concentration-time curve from time zero to infinity (AUC(0-∞)), with medians of 49,451 (n = 12) and 44,556 (n = 22) μg · h/liter for ART-PQ base and DHA-PQ tetraphosphate, respectively. Recurrent parasitemia was associated with lower PQ exposure. Using a two-compartment ART model, the median AUC(0-∞) was 1,652 μg · h/liter. There was evidence of autoinduction of ART metabolism (relative bioavailability for the second dose, 0.27). These and previously published data suggest that a 3-day ART-PQ base regimen should be further evaluated, in line with World Health Organization recommendations for all artemisinin combination therapies.",
"These findings support WHO's recommendation for anthelmintic treatment during pregnancy. However benefits for deworming may be limited in areas with an antenatal iron supplementation programme or low intensity of hookworm infections and hence future research should be directed towards the cost-effectiveness of the de-worming compared to other interventions for reducing anaemia in pregnancy.",
"Trabeculectomy lowered IOP significantly more than medical treatment, but with slightly greater loss of visual acuity. Combined phaco/IOL and trabeculectomy improved visual acuity with substantial IOP lowering.",
"The incidence of definite/probable ST in this "real-world" registry is 1.9%. Cardiogenic shock, often excluded in clinical trials, is the strongest independent predictor of ST.",
"Sitagliptin, an oral dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor, lowers blood glucose when administered as monotherapy or in combination with other antihyperglycemic agents. TECOS will evaluate the effects of adding sitagliptin to usual diabetes care on cardiovascular outcomes and clinical safety. TECOS is a pragmatic, academically run, multinational, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, event-driven trial recruiting approximately 14,000 patients in 38 countries who have type 2 diabetes (T2DM), are at least 50 years old, have cardiovascular disease, and have an hemoglobin A1c value between 6.5% and 8.0%. Eligible participants will be receiving stable mono- or dual therapy with metformin, sulfonylurea, or pioglitazone, or insulin alone or in combination with metformin. Randomization is 1:1 to double-blind sitagliptin or matching placebo, in addition to existing therapy in a usual care setting. Follow-up occurs at 4-month intervals in year 1 and then twice yearly until 1300 confirmed primary end points have occurred. Glycemic equipoise between randomized groups is a desired aim. The primary composite cardiovascular endpoint is time to the first occurrence of cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, or hospitalization for unstable angina, with cardiovascular events adjudicated by an independent committee blinded to study therapy. TECOS is a pragmatic-design cardiovascular outcome trial assessing the cardiovascular effects of sitagliptin when added to usual T2DM management.",
"In this EMR-based cohort, the increase in QTc with sotalol initiation was highly variable, and multiple clinical factors contributed. These data represent an important step in ongoing work to identify real-world patients likely to tolerate long-term therapy and reinforces the utility of EMR-based cohorts as research tools.",
"Sophisticated curve modeling is an alternative to infarct-size quantification in STEMI patients, but it provides information similar to that of more traditional methods. Future studies will determine whether the same conclusion applies in circumstances other than STEMI, or to studies with different frequencies and patterns of CK-MB data collection.",
"Post-treatment chemoprophylaxis appears to be the main mechanism by which IPTi protects children against malaria. Long-acting antimalarials are therefore likely to be the most effective drugs for IPTi, but as monotherapies could be vulnerable to development of drug resistance. Due to concerns about tolerability, the mefloquine formulation used in this study is not suitable for IPTi. Further investigation of combinations of long-acting antimalarials for IPTi is needed.",
"Effective implementation of evidence-based interventions in "real-world" settings can be challenging. Interventions based on externally valid trial findings can be even more difficult to apply in resource-limited settings, given marked differences-in provider experience, patient population, and health systems-between those settings and the typical clinical trial environment. Under the auspices of the Integrated Management of Physician-Delivered Alcohol Care for Tuberculosis Patients (IMPACT) study, a randomized, controlled effectiveness trial, and as an integrated component of tuberculosis treatment in Tomsk, Russia, we adapted two proven alcohol interventions to the delivery of care to 200 patients with alcohol use disorders. Tuberculosis providers performed screening for alcohol use disorders and also delivered naltrexone (with medical management) or a brief counseling intervention either independently or in combination as a seamless part of routine care. We report the innovations and challenges to intervention design, training, and delivery of both pharmacologic and behavioral alcohol interventions within programmatic tuberculosis treatment services. We also discuss the implications of these lessons learned within the context of meeting the challenge of providing evidence-based care in resource-limited settings.",
"Implantation of the Svelte stent IDS was observed to be safe, feasible and associated with a low acute vascular injury and a high percentage of strut coverage at 6-month follow-up.",
"The incidence of cerebrovascular events (CVEs) was investigated in 95 consecutive patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) with left atrial thrombus (LAT) diagnosed by transesophageal echocardiography (TEE) and in 131 age- and sex-matched AF patients without LAT. Compared with patients without LAT, patients with LAT had a larger left atrial diameter (49 versus 44 mm, P < 0.0001), a lower left ventricular ejection fraction (40% versus 50%, P < 0.0001), a higher prevalence of spontaneous echocardiographic contrast (88% versus 25%, P < 0.001), a reduced left atrial appendage emptying velocity (0.25 versus 0.41 cm/s, P < 0.0001), and less use of antiarrhythmic drugs (61% versus 76%, P = 0.03). Before TEE, the prevalence of prior CVE was higher in LAT patients (20%) compared with patients without LAT (8%) (P = 0.01). Fifty-four of 95 LAT patients (57%) and 81 of 131 non-LAT patients (62%) were on warfarin before TEE. The incidence of prior CVE in LAT patients without warfarin (32%) was higher than that in non-LAT patients without warfarin (10%) (P = 0.02). The mortality rate in LAT patients with an international normalized ratio (INR) >or= 2.0 (42%) was higher than that in patients without LAT and an INR >or= 2.0 (11%) (P < 0.001). Fifty-one of 95 LAT patients (54%) underwent repeat TEE before cardioversion (48 patients received warfarin therapy). The thrombus resolved in 40 of 51 patients (78%) after the first TEE. There was no significant difference in INR between the patients with persistent and resolved LAT. AF patients with persistent LAT had a higher incidence of CVE (45%) than the patients with resolved LAT (5%) (P = 0.003). We suggest that patients with LAT be treated with warfarin to maintain an INR between 2.5 and 3.5 rather than between 2.0 and 3.0 because they are at a high risk for new thromboembolism.",
"Cervical lymph node tuberculosis is a common ailment. Excisional lymph node biopsy has a twofold interest -therapeutic and diagnostic. It is based on histological examination, which must henceforth be systematic. Tuberculosis is a major HIV-related opportunistic infection and must be screened for or monitored at every HIV check-up.",
"The cTnI change is predictive for subsequent mortality in selected conservatively managed NSTE-ACS patients.",
"Flowcytometric analyzer is a rapid, high throughput device which needs less expertization for the diagnosis of malaria. Hence, it can be used in the diagnostic laboratories as an early modality for diagnosis of malaria in suspected as well as clinically in apparent cases.",
"Integrated, nurse-centered, pediatric TB-HIV treatment at the PHC level in highly resource-limited settings is feasible and effective in achieving successful outcomes, including high ART uptake, low mortality, and immunological and clinical improvement.",
"Left ventricular end-diastolic pressure measured during primary PCI for STEMI is an independent predictor of inhospital and longer term cardiovascular outcomes. Measuring LVEDP may be useful to stratify patient risk and guide postinfarct treatment.",
"This study proved equivalent patencies of infragenicular prosthetic bypasses performed using distal vein patch technique as with any other modification of distal anastomosis.",
"The scoring of the EDSQ was developed and the questionnaire proved to have satisfactory psychometric properties. EDSQ scores showed a promising relationship to compliance profiles. The EDSQ could be used in future studies.",
"One-eye trial is a feasible method to determine the effectiveness of prostaglandin analogues and to predict the amount of IOP reduction in the fellow eye in patients with high tension glaucoma.",
"In this large international study, absent STR 60 minutes after primary PCI was present in ≈1 in 5 patients with ST-segment-elevation myocardial infarction and was a significant independent predictor of major adverse cardiovascular events and target vessel revascularization at 3 years.",
"In some patients with non-islet-cell tumor hypoglycemia (NICTH), a high molecular weight form of IGF-II (big IGF-II) derived from tumors is present in the circulation and might be associated with recurrent hypoglycemia. In this study, in order to survey the clinical characteristics of patients with IGF-II producing NICTH, we analyzed the medical records of 78 patients with NICTH (M/F 44/34, age 62+/-1.8, range; 9-86 years.) whose serum contained a large amount of big IGF-II. Hepatocellular carcinoma and gastric carcinoma were the most common causes of NICTH. The diameters of the tumors were more than 10 cm in 70% of the patients. Basal immunoreactive insulin (IRI) levels were less than 3 microU/dl in 79% of the patients. Hypoglycemic attack was the onset of disease in 31 of 65 cases (48%), but the tumor was revealed prior to the occurrence of hypoglycemia in 34 cases (52%). Twenty-five of 47 (53%) patients had decreased serum potassium levels. These data suggested that hypoinsulinemic hypoglycemia associated with the presence of a large tumor supports the diagnosis of IGF-II producing NICTH. Hypokalemia was associated with hypoglycemia in some patients. The BMI (21.4+/-0.6 kg/m2) and serum total protein levels (6.6+/-0.1g/dl) were preserved at the occurrence of first hypoglycemic attack suggesting that malnutrition might not be the main cause of hypoglycemia in most patients.",
"Iron overload is a risk for the development of diabetes in patients with CHC and that reduction of body iron stores lowers this risk.",
"Once every-other-day administration of latanoprost significantly reduced the IOP although the IOP reduction was less pronounced 36-48 h after drug application.",
"Using multiple post-treatment IOP measurements may improve the prediction of a fellow eye's response to glaucoma medication in one-eye trials.",
"We described the population pharmacokinetics of moxifloxacin and the effect of high-dose intermittent rifapentine in patients with pulmonary tuberculosis who were randomized to a continuation-phase regimen of 400 mg moxifloxacin and 900 mg rifapentine twice weekly or 400 mg moxifloxacin and 1,200 mg rifapentine once weekly. A two-compartment model with transit absorption best described moxifloxacin pharmacokinetics. Although rifapentine increased the clearance of moxifloxacin by 8% during antituberculosis treatment compared to that after treatment completion without rifapentine, it did not result in a clinically significant change in moxifloxacin exposure.",
"ICD implantation appears to be associated with an immediate and sustained survival benefit for patients awaiting heart transplantation.",
"Median follow-up was 3 years. Mean age was 68 ± 8 years, and 66% were males. At the end of follow-up, all SF-36 subscales were comparable between both groups. The AF severity scale was similar at baseline and end of study. At baseline and at end of study there were no differences in the MFI-20 subscales between the 2 groups. Symptoms at baseline, younger age, and less severe underlying disease, rather than assigned therapy or heart rate, were associated with QOL improvements. Female sex and cardiovascular endpoints during the study were associated with worsening of QOL.",
"In a large, multicenter acute myocardial infarction cohort, statin therapy was begun in nearly 90% of patients during hospitalization, with no variability across sites; however, rates of statin intensification and maximization were low and varied substantially across hospitals. Given that more intense statin therapy is associated with better outcomes, changing the existing performance measures to include the intensity of statin therapy may improve care.",
"Both Brinz/Tim and Dorz/Tim showed similar significant and clinically relevant IOP-lowering efficacy, whereas Brinz/Tim provided superior outcomes in terms of ocular comfort.",
"Arterolane at daily doses of 100 and 200 mg is a rapidly acting, effective, and safe synthetic antimalarial drug, which may potentially represent an alternative to artemisinin derivatives in antimalarial combination therapy.",
"The ISPAF study shows that in an Italian population of real world patients with AF adherence to current guidelines on OAC therapy based on stroke-risk scoring system is rather high, although rate of prescription should be increased. However, contrary to recommendations, in a high proportion of low-risk patients OAC therapy is still prescribed, and this might expose patients to unjustified risks.",
"Periprocedural bleeding was significantly associated with CI-AKI, with CI-AKI incidence correlating with bleeding severity.",
"Laparoscopic removal of the adrenal gland should be considered the surgical procedure of choice in experienced minimally invasive centers.",
"MIBG SPECT/CT fusion imaging is a sensitive and specific radiological imaging tool for patients suspected to have pheochromocytoma. The particular strengths of MIBG SPECT/CT are detection of local recurrence, small extra-adrenal pheochromocytomas, multifocal tumors, or the presence of metastatic disease.",
"The relative MI risk is higher for Canadian psoriatic patients than for controls.",
"Sickle cell anemia is the most common heritable hematological disease affecting humans. Although hydroxyurea is the most commonly used antisickling agent, several previous studies suggest that cromolyn sodium also prevents sickling when administered acutely. However, no previous studies have evaluated the safety or efficacy of prolonged administration of cromolyn to patients with sickle cell anemia. The purpose of this study, therefore, was to test the hypothesis that prolonged administration of cromolyn alone or in combination with hydroxyurea would decrease the incidence of pain crises and/or alter the chronic pain seen in patients with this disease. In this crossover, single-blind, in vivo and in vitro study, 17 patients with sickle cell disease were studied. Each patient had to fill out a standard pain chart. Every 3 months the patients' medications changed in the following manner: The first 3 months the patients used cromolyn sodium nasal spray; the second 3 months they received placebo nasal spray; the third 3 months they received cromolyn sodium nasal spray and hydroxyurea capsule; and the last 3 months they received hydroxyurea capsule and placebo nasal spray. The least pain was felt with the mixture of hydroxyurea capsule and cromolyn sodium nasal inhaler. Furthermore, with the other combinations of medications, there were no significant statistical changes in the number of sickled red blood cells. Every combination used in this survey had positive effects on decreasing the pain. cromolyn sodium nasal spray is significantly efficient in decreasing sickle cell crisis as well as pain intensity in patients with sickle cell anemia.",
"Forty-three homozygous (SS) female sickle cell anemic patients with a history of at least one painful crisis per month and desiring a reversible contraceptive were administered DMPA/3 months or Microgynon monthly. A third group of 16 surgically sterilized patients served as control. Patients were followed for 1 year to assess possible effects of the contraceptives on the patients' painful crises. No changes were observed in any of the groups in the hematological parameters. At the end of the study, 70% of the patients receiving DMPA were pain-free and only 16% of those still reporting painful crises rated them as intense. Patients receiving Microgynon also had an amelioration of the painful crises, although at a lower rate; after 12 months, 45.5% still experienced some crises. Although less marked than in the other groups, 50.5% of the control patients also reported an improvement of their painful crisis, which may be a result of closer medical care.",
"MBG 2/3 was achieved in 367 patients (81.4%). IS was significantly lower in patients with MBG 2/3 than in those with MBG 0/1 (median: 16.7% [interquartile range (IQR): 7.0 to 22.7] vs. 19.5% [IQR: 11.1 to 29.2]; p = 0.002). Intracoronary abciximab further reduced IS in patients with MBG 2/3 (median: 14.4% [IQR: 5.4 to 20.9] vs. 17.4% [IQR: 10.5 to 23.8]; p = 0.01). MBG 2/3 was associated with ∼30% reduction in infarct mass (p = 0.002) and ∼90% reduction in microvascular obstruction on day 5. Ejection fraction was higher with MBG 2/3 at 30 days: median: 50.3% (IQR: 43.8 to 57.8) versus 46.9% (IQR: 37.5 to 54.0); p = 0.004. At 30 days, the rate of death was significantly lower (1.7% vs. 8.3%; p = 0.0008) in the MBG 2/3 group.",
"Medical Research Council and Wellcome Trust.",
"Topiramate is known to be efficacious in migraine prophylaxis, but its optimal dose has not been systematically studied in the Asian population. Here, we show that a fixed low dose of topiramate 25 mg/day is efficacious in migraine prophylaxis and also attest to advantages in terms of medication cost savings and more favourable side effect profile.",
"In this 'real-life' registry, PES and SES showed a comparable safety and efficacy profile throughout the 6 years of follow-up. The increase in the rate of TLR was slow and comparable between the two groups, even though the 'late catch-up' phenomenon showed a different temporal pattern between PES and SES.",
"With the exception of the 2-stent procedure, the 7-year outcomes after DES implantation for LMCA disease were superior to those after BMS implantation because of the lower TLR rate, when considering TLR during the late phase.",
"The safety of talc pleurodesis is under dispute following reports of talc-induced acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) and death. We investigated the safety of large-particle talc for thoracoscopic pleurodesis to prevent recurrence of primary spontaneous pneumothorax (PSP). 418 patients with recurrent PSP were enrolled between 2002 and 2008 in nine centres in Europe and South Africa. The main exclusion criteria were infection, heart disease and coagulation disorders. Serious adverse events (ARDS, death or other) were recorded up to 30 days after the procedure. Oxygen saturation, supplemental oxygen use and temperature were recorded daily at baseline and after thoracoscopic pleurodesis (2 g graded talc). During the 30-day observation period following talc poudrage, no ARDS (95% CI 0.0-0.9%), intensive care unit admission or death were recorded. Seven patients presented with minor complications (1.7%, 95% CI 0.7-3.4%). After pleurodesis, mean body temperature increased by 0.41°C (95% CI 0.33-0.48°C; p<0.001) at day 1 and returned to baseline value at day 5. Pleural drains were removed after day 4 in 80% of patients. Serious adverse events, including ARDS or death, did not occur in this large, multicentre cohort. Thoracoscopic talc poudrage using larger particle talc to prevent recurrence of PSPS can be considered safe.",
"Compliance with prophylactic antibiotic therapy in children with sickle cell disease is highly variable and its evaluation is problematic.",
"A single evening dose of LTFC was at least as effective as the unfixed combination of latanoprost in the PM and timolol in the AM in reducing IOP in Chinese subjects with POAG or OH whose IOP was insufficiently reduced with β-blocker monotherapy or β-blocker-based dual therapy. LTFC is an effective and well tolerated once-daily treatment for POAG and OH.",
"Cardiac monitoring and concentration-QTc modeling demonstrated that pertuzumab, combined with trastuzumab and docetaxel, had no clinically relevant effects on QTcF and other electrocardiogram parameters.",
"Single PVI results in a moderate success rate in patients with AF during 5-year FU without the use of a 3-D mapping system. Higher success was observed in patients with PAF, non-enlarged LA and good renal function.",
"Symptom-based screening with smear microscopy was insufficiently sensitive. More sensitive diagnostic testing is required for HIV-infected patients.",
"The aims of the present study were to identify risk factors associated with latent tuberculosis (TB), examine the development of active disease among contacts, and assess the effectiveness of treating latent infection in indigenous Brazilians from January 2006 to December 2011. This was a retrospective study consisting of 1,371 tuberculosis contacts, 392 of whom underwent treatment for latent infection. Morbidity-from-TB data were obtained from the Information System for Disease Notification (SINAN) database, and the contacts' data were collected from the clinical records using forms employed by Special Department of Indigenous Health (SESAI) multidisciplinary teams, according to SESAI's instructions. The variables that were associated with latent infection among the contacts were age (odds ratio [OR]: 1.03; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.02-1.04) and close contact with a smear-positive index case (OR: 2.26, 95% CI: 1.59-3.22). The variables associated with the development of active TB among the contacts were a tuberculin skin test (TST) ≥10 mm (relative risk [RR]: 1.12, 95% CI: 1.07-1.17), age (RR: 1.01, 95% CI: 1.00-1.03), and treatment of latent infection (RR: 0.03, 95% CI: 0.01-0.27). The estimated number of latent infection treatments needed to prevent one case of active TB among the contacts was 51 treatments (95% CI: 33-182). In contacts with TST ≥10 mm, 10 (95% CI: 6-19) latent infection treatments were necessary to prevent one case of active TB. Age and close contact with a smear-positive index case were associated with latent TB. Screening with TST is a high priority among individuals contacting smear-positive index cases. Age and TST are associated with the development of active TB among contacts, and treatment of latent infection is an effective measure to control TB in indigenous communities.",
"Volatile anaesthetics reduced active LA pump function in humans in vivo. Addition of IPPV decreased LA dimensions and further reduced LA pump function. Effects in vivo were less pronounced than previously found in in vitro and animal studies. Further studies are warranted to evaluate the clinical implications of these findings.",
"In this nonrandomized study, the risk-benefit ratio favored the suspension of OAT after successful AF ablation even in patients at moderate-high risk of TE. This conclusion needs to be confirmed by future large randomized trials.",
"Limb prognosis was equivalent for direct and indirect endovascular revascularization except in the presence of both diabetes and wound infection, when indirect revascularization has a poorer outcome.",
"The study findings suggest that CVC is a predictor of CAC progression and, potentially, of greater cardiovascular vulnerability. Treatment with cinacalcet combined with low doses of vitamin D slowed the progression of CAC compared to therapy using larger, varying doses of vitamin D.",
"Based on the subgroup of patients with lone AF, PVI leads to a significant LAVR 4 months after the procedure, especially in patients with clinical success in terms of AF freedom. Comorbidities such as arterial hypertension may prevent this reverse atrial remodelling, despite AF freedom. Clinical implications need to be further elucidated.",
"In patients with STEMI, the novel prehospital salvage score identifies subgroups in which myocardial salvage is particularly time dependent.",
"There are sparse published data relating to the pharmacokinetic properties of artemether, lumefantrine, and their active metabolites in children, especially desbutyl-lumefantrine. We studied 13 Papua New Guinean children aged 5 to 10 years with uncomplicated malaria who received the six recommended doses of artemether (1.7 mg/kg of body weight) plus lumefantrine (10 mg/kg), given with fat over 3 days. Intensive blood sampling was carried out over 42 days. Plasma artemether, dihydroartemisinin, lumefantrine, and desbutyl-lumefantrine were assayed using liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry or high-performance liquid chromatography. Multicompartmental pharmacokinetic models for a drug plus its metabolite were developed using a population approach that included plasma artemether and dihydroartemisinin concentrations below the limit of quantitation. Although artemether bioavailability was variable and its clearance increased by 67.8% with each dose, the median areas under the plasma concentration-time curve from 0 h to infinity (AUC(0-∞)s) for artemether and dihydroartemisinin (3,063 and 2,839 μg · h/liter, respectively) were similar to those reported previously in adults with malaria. For lumefantrine, the median AUC(0-∞) (459,980 μg · h/liter) was also similar to that in adults with malaria. These data support the higher dose recommended for children weighing 15 to 35 kg (35% higher than that for a 50-kg adult) but question the recommendation for a lower dose in children weighing 12.5 to 15 kg. The median desbutyl-lumefantrine/lumefantrine ratio in the children in our study was 1.13%, within the range reported for adults and higher at later time points because of the longer desbutyl-lumefantrine terminal elimination half-life. A combined desbutyl-lumefantrine and lumefantrine AUC(0-∞) weighted on in vitro antimalarial activity was inversely associated with recurrent parasitemia, suggesting that both the parent drug and the metabolite contribute to the treatment outcome of artemether-lumefantrine.",
"Remote monitoring systems substantially improve the proper management of children with BS.",
"The SJMR-17 prosthesis might be employed with satisfactory postoperative clinical and hemodynamic outcome in patients with a small aortic annulus, especially in elderly patients, as an alternative to other valves, or to other surgical strategies such as annulus enlargement.",
"Successful CA is associated with LA reverse remodeling and LA/LAA functional recovery in patients with persistent AF. LA systolic strain and LAA wall velocity at baseline predicted both maintenance of SR and LA reverse remodeling.",
"In a context of IPTp, Hb levels improved progressively throughout pregnancy in primigravidae, likely as a result of reduction in malaria infection. In multigravidae, the improvement was less perceptible and anaemia was mainly due to iron deficiency.",
"This study demonstrates for the first time that the use of concomitant CMCs in the management of glaucoma undergoing treatment with BB or PG may assist in tear film production and could lead to better compliance with intraocular pressure-lowering medication and ultimately better prognosis.",
"Use of GenousTM stents in NSTE-ACS is associated with lower restenosis rate than BMS at 6 months. There was no ST through 1 year. The number of circulating EPCs is inversely correlated with in-stent late loss (LL).",
"Primary hyperparathyroidism (PHPT) in multiple endocrine neoplasia (MEN) type IIa is rare, occurring in 20% to 30% of the patients. The aim of this study was to evaluate clinical findings, surgical therapy, and outcome for 56 patients affected by PHPT among 249 MEN-IIa patients collected from 84 families assembled by the Groupe d'Etude des Tumeurs á Calcitonine (GETC, French Calcitonin Tumors Study Group). This retrospective study was based on cases registered by the GETC (20 participating centers) from 1969 to 1994. Characteristics of PHPT in 56 patients (31 women, 25 men) with MEN-IIa were reviewed. All but two underwent cervicotomy. The median age at diagnosis was 37.6 years. PHPT was found concomitantly with medullary thyroid carcinoma (MTC) or pheochromocytoma in 43 patients (77%). PHPT was asymptomatic in 68% of the patients. Serum calcium levels ranged from 2.20 to 3.70 mmol/L (median 2.82 mmol/L; normal 2. 10-2.60 mmol/L). The number of parathyroid glands removed at surgery was 0 (n = 2), 1 (n = 24), 2 (n = 5), > 2 (n = 12), 4 (n = 11). Pathology (initial surgery) consisted of 24 adenomas, 4 double adenomas, and 25 hyperplasia. Cure after initial surgery was obtained in 89%, including a 22% incidence of hypoparathyroidism. There were 6 cases (11%) with persistent PHPT. With a mean follow-up of 6.4 years, five patients (9%) had recurrent PHPT. The results indicate that MEN-IIa-related PHPT is generally associated with mild, often asymptomatic hypercalcemia. Despite recurrences encountered 5 to 15 years after the first cervicotomy, resection of only macroscopically enlarged glands generally appears sufficient. Subtotal or total parathyroidectomy with autotransplantation is associated with a high rate of hypoparathyroidism.",
"Despite the national and international recommendations, nearly half of AD patients with AF do not receive OACs or APAs. A history of cardiovascular disease-in particular, hypertension-improves access to treatment, but use of NSAIDs and living alone without home care seem to be the main factors associated with non-prescription of OACs or APAs.",
"Same day smear microscopy for diagnosing tuberculosis by a proposed new method of smear examination in the case of suspected tuberculosis seems not a promising step towards improving the quality of sputum smear examination. The results of sensitivity and specificity of the two approaches were not similar. More than eighty per cent responded in favour of same day sputum delivery system and getting result on same day. This study can be confirmed on larger scale and preference of patients can be examined in peripheral laboratory also before taking it up for consideration in the national tuberculosis programme.",
"Triptans were the most used and efficient drugs. MBT led to decreased and more efficient drug consumption. Men used triptans less frequently.",
"Prostacyclin [prostaglandin I(2) (PGI(2))] activates and sensitizes meningeal sensory afferents. In healthy subjects PGI(2) triggers headache in healthy subjects. However, the migraine-eliciting effect of PGI(2) has not been systematically studied in patients with migraine. We hypothesized that intravenous infusion of the stable prostacyclin analogue epoprostenol would trigger migraine-like attacks in migraineurs. We infused 10 ng kg(-1) min(-1) PGI(2) or placebo over 25 min in 12 migraineurs without aura in a controlled, double-blind, cross-over study and recorded headache intensity and associated symptoms, velocity in the middle cerebral artery (V(MCA)) and diameter in the superficial temporal artery. In the period 0-14 h, 12 subjects reported headache on PGI(2) day compared with three subjects on placebo day (P = 0.004), and six subjects fulfilled the criteria for an experimentally induced migraine-like attack compared with two subjects on placebo (P = 0.219). During infusion and post-infusion phases the AUC under the headache curve on PGI(2) was significantly larger than on placebo (P < 0.05). There was a significant V(MCA) decrease (P = 0.015) and superficial temporal artery diameter increase (P < 0.001) on PGI(2) compared with placebo. In conclusion, PGI(2) may trigger a migraine-like attack in migraine sufferers. We suggest sensitization of perivascular nociceptors and arterial dilation as the mode of action of PGI(2)-induced headache and migraine-like attacks.",
"The PRIMERA study confirms, once again, that migraine is an under-diagnosed and under-treated condition in our setting, which means that specific educational interventions and training are still required for this pathology.",
"Outcomes of this small group of MDR-TB patients treated with the RNTCP's STR is encouraging in this setting. Close attention needs to be paid to ensure adherence, and to the timely recognition and treatment of ADRs.",
"In this large prospective cohort, tuberculosis-IRIS occurrence within 12 weeks of starting antiretroviral therapy was independently associated with the mortality of HIV-tuberculosis co-infected patients at 48 weeks post antiretroviral therapy initiation.",
"Only a few studies have focused on the clinical characteristics and outcomes of non-ST-segment myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) during off-hours. The purpose of this study was to compare the impact of patients' arrival time on the care of NSTEMI and whether this pattern might affect hospital mortality. This study analyzed 4,736 NSTEMI patients included in the Korea Acute Myocardial Infarction Registry from November 2005 to January 2008. Patients' arrival time was classified into regular hours (weekdays, 9:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.) and off-hours (weekdays 18:01 p.m. to 8:59 a.m., weekends, and holidays). A subtotal of 2,225 (46.9%) patients was admitted during off hours, compared with 2,511 (53.1%) patients with regular-hour admission. A higher proportion of patients admitted during off-hours had a higher Killip class, had more frequent cardiopulmonary resuscitation, were less likely to receive percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) (67.7% vs 72.7%, p <0.001), and had longer door-to-balloon times (28 hours, interquartile range: 11 to 63 vs 23 hours, interquartile range 4 to 67, p <0.001). Although unadjusted hospital mortality was associated with admission during off-hours (4.5% vs 3.3%, p = 0.023), after adjusting for all patients covariates, the difference in mortality was attenuated and was no longer statistically significant (odds ratio 0.94, 95% confidence interval 0.59 to 1.48, p = 0.793). In conclusion, despite receiving fewer PCIs and having substantially longer waiting times to PCI, patients admitted during off-hours may not be at risk for increased in-hospital mortality. If patients are treated within an appropriate reperfusion strategy according to their clinical risk, arrival time may not influence on mortality.",
"Patients with CKD who undergo TAVI have a higher-risk profile and worse 30-day and 1-year outcomes. Chronic hemodialysis and severe preprocedural CKD are independently associated with an increased risk of 1-year mortality after TAVI.",
"Compliance is a dynamic variable which ophthalmologists need to evaluate throughout the follow-up of POAG patients, in order to reduce the prevalence of glaucoma blindness in Bénin.",
"Eliminating drug copayments after MI provides consistent benefits to patients treated with or without CABG, leading to increased medication adherence, trends toward improved clinical outcomes, and reduced patient out-of-pocket expenses.",
"Compliance is very important in the treatment of glaucoma, and our study provides objective data through the use of Travalert dosing aid with relative compliances of 70%. Patients with combined therapies have lower compliance than those on monotherapy.",
"To evaluate the effects of antimalarial drugs on Plasmodium falciparum malaria-associated anemia, we use the area under the curve (AUC) of anemia levels after treatment as an approach to combine their duration and magnitude. The method involves numeric estimation, by trapezoidal rule, of AUC from a plot of deficit in hematocrit levels from 30% (the lower threshold of normal) versus time in anemic children. Using the method, we evaluated, in randomized trials, the effects of artesunate-mefloquine versus mefloquine alone and artemether-lumefantrine versus amodiaquine-artesunate on the time course of recovery from malaria-associated anemia in 109 children. Anemia resolution times were similar (10.9 ± 6.2 [standard deviation] versus 13.3 ± 8.9 days, P = 0.2), but mean AUC was significantly lower in artesunate-mefloquine- compared with mefloquine-treated children (35.5 ± 7.1 [standard error of mean] versus 49.8 ± 11.3 %·h, P = 0.02) indicating larger exposure to anemia in mefloquine-treated children. In artemether-lumefantrine- and amodiaquine-artesunate-treated children, both anemia resolution times (8.6 ± 5.3 [standard deviation] versus 8.6 ± 4.8 days, P = 0.98) and mean AUC (57.1 ± 12.9 [standard error of mean] versus 46.3 ± 8.7 %·h, P = 0.74) were similar. Estimation of AUC appears more robust than estimation of anemia resolution time in evaluating antimalarial drug effects and can be used in both observational studies and clinical trials assessing the effects of therapies on malaria-associated anemia.",
"Above findings confirm the effectiveness of the cardiological rehabilitation, although they are not spectacular. Perhaps if they increase the frequency and intensity and number of training sessions, the results would be more significant.",
"The roles of the NAT2 genotype and enzyme maturation on isoniazid pharmacokinetics were investigated in South African infants with perinatal HIV exposure enrolled in a randomized, double-blind, controlled trial of isoniazid for prevention of tuberculosis disease and latent infection. Plasma concentration-time measurements of isoniazid from 151 infants (starting at 3-4 months of age) receiving isoniazid 10 to 20 mg/kg/d orally during the course of the 24-month study were incorporated in a population analysis along with NAT2 genotype, body weight, age, and sex. The results showed a different NAT2 enzyme maturation profile for each of the 3 acetylation groups, with the 70-kg body weight-normalized typical apparent clearance for the fast and intermediate acetylators increasing from 14.25 L/h and 10.88 L/h at 3 months of age to 22.84 L/h and 15.58 L/h at 24 months of age, respectively, with no significant change in the apparent clearance of the slow group during this period. A hypothesis is proposed to explain the genotype-dependent enzyme maturation processes for the NAT2 enzyme.",
"Information obtained by the questionnaire suggests that bolus injection and/or low-dose continuous administration of landiolol, which are not described in the drug information documents, are effective and safe for treatment of tachycardia during anesthesia.",
"A nurse-CHW team can deliver a culturally adapted diabetes self-management support intervention with excellent fidelity to the algorithm-based protocols. The team accommodated participants' needs by meeting them whenever and wherever they could. This study provides an example of adaptation of an evidence-based model to the Samoan cultural context and its resource-poor setting.",
"Surgical treatment by VATS is a valid alternative to open thoracotomy in patients with PSP and will be the treatment of choice because, with increased experience of surgeons, it will yield the same results as standard operative therapy but with the advantages of the minimally invasive operation. The usefulness of VATS in patients with SSP remains to be defined.",
"In diabetic patients, FMD was independently associated with SMI and asymptomatic CAD.",
"Warfarin decreases risk of stroke for patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) dependent on percent time in the therapeutic range (TTR) with an international normalized ratio (INR) of 2 to 3. We hypothesized that gender differences in ischemic stroke risk are related to TTR. From the AFFIRM database of 4,060 patients with AF, we determined the incidence of ischemic stroke by gender. We evaluated the INR at time of ischemic stroke and calculated TTR. We determined the relation between gender and ischemic stroke by TTR. Women had CHADS(2) Scores (3.7 ± 1.3 vs 2.5 ± 1.3, p <0.0001) and more ischemic strokes than men (5% vs 3%, odds ratio 1.6, 95% confidence interval 1.19 to 2.26, p = 0.002). Mean INR near time of ischemic stroke was 2 for women and men; median values were subtherapeutic (1.7 and 1.8, respectively). Women spent more time outside the therapeutic range (40 ± 0.7% vs 37 ± 0.5%, p = 0.0001), with more time below the therapeutic range (29 ± 0.7% vs 26 ± 0.5%, p = 0.0002). A higher TTR protected against ischemic stroke for women but not for men. Women who had a comparably high TTR (≥66%) still had more ischemic strokes (p = 0.009). A fitted Cox proportional hazard regression model showed that gender, TTR <46% versus >80%, age, and previous stroke were significantly related to stroke incidence. In conclusion, women in AFFIRM were at greater risk of ischemic stroke than men, in part related to differences in TTR. Women with AF may benefit from more aggressive or novel anticoagulation to decrease their risk of stroke.",
"Lung US scans carried out in the ED detect occult PTX and its extension with an accuracy that is almost as high as the reference standard (CT scanning).",
"An anticoagulation strategy with dabigatran may surpass that with warfarin in reducing both the periprocedural risk of minor bleeding and a hypercoagulable state, and the time to ablation in patients undergoing ablation of AF.",
"Hemorrhagic stroke rates were higher on warfarin in Asians versus non-Asians, despite similar blood pressure, younger age, and lower international normalized ratio values. Hemorrhagic strokes were significantly reduced by DE in both Asians and non-Asians. DE benefits were consistent across Asian and non-Asian subgroups.",
"Triptan use in EM is associated with an increased risk of CM onset that increases with days of medication use. For NSAIDs, effects depend on headache days per month. NSAIDs are protective in individuals with less than 10 headache days per month but associated with increased risk with 10 or more headache days per month. Combining a triptan and NSAID was not associated with a statistically significant increased risk of CM onset, whereas increased risk of CM onset was significantly associated with triptan monotherapy.",
"After considerably interfering with exposure during the first year of life, there was a trend towards a higher risk of malaria in the second year in children who had received chemoprophylaxis, but there was no significant rebound. No evidence was found that the age of first exposure to malaria affects the rate of acquisition of NAI. Thus, the timing of administration of antimalarial interventions like malaria vaccines during infancy does not appear to be a critical determinant.",
"In the past two decades, two landmark randomized controlled trials (RCT) have been completed among individuals with sickle cell disease (SCD), the Multi-center Study of Hydroxyurea (MSH) trial and the Stroke Prevention (STOP) trial. The MSH trial tested the hypothesis that hydroxyurea will reduce the frequency of painful episodes for adults with hemoglobin SS who had a history of 3 or more painful episodes per year. The STOP trial tested the hypothesis that among children with hemoglobin SS and an elevated transcranial Doppler (TCD) velocity measurement, blood transfusion therapy would decrease the risk of an initial stroke. After completion, both trials have defined standard care for individuals with hemoglobin SS. The purpose of this review is to examine the limitations of the MSH and STOP trials. In the context of these trials, we will examine the effects of narrow inclusion criteria that primarily include participants with hemoglobin SS and secondary analyses that are prone to false-positive results. In addition, we describe how after publication of these two trials use of hydroxyurea and TCD assessment has drifted towards a standard practice without evidence of therapeutic efficacy among groups that were excluded from the trials. Finally, we suggest that rigorously conducted RCTs or at the minimum multicenter observation studies with strong methodology should be performed in these excluded subgroups to confirm a benefit of hydroxyurea or TCD measurement.",
"Coadministration of efavirenz, tenofovir and emtricitabine with a standard first-line TB treatment regimen did not significantly alter the pharmacokinetic parameters of these drugs and was tolerated well by Tanzanian TB patients who are coinfected with HIV.",
"Riata family of implantable cardioverter defibrillator leads have demonstrated in situ conductor externalization, prompting a class I recall and the Food and Drug Administration recommendation for fluoroscopic screening. The natural history of externalized Riata leads, however, remains unclear. In this study, we examined the rate of electrical failure in Riata leads with externalized cables. We reviewed medical and implantable cardioverter defibrillator records of all 329 patients with Riata leads who underwent fluoroscopic screening from December 2011 to March 2012 at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center hospitals. Externalization was present in 76 patients (23%); of whom, 24 (32%) had the Riata lead replaced shortly after screening. The remaining 52 patients were followed for 7.9 ± 2.9 months, during which 5 patients were lost to follow-up and 2 patients exhibited electrical lead failure resulting in lead replacement, an electrical failure rate of 6.4% per year in externalized leads. In conclusion, prospective follow-up data on externalized Riata leads suggest an electrical failure rate in excess of 6% per year. This high failure rate warrants consideration of prophylactic replacement of externalized Riata leads. Further studies examining the natural history of Riata leads are warranted.",
"The MUSICA-2 will attempt to determine the most effective and safe treatment in patients with nonvalvular AF and CHADS2 score ≤2 after PCI-S. Restricting TT for AF patients at high risk for stroke may reduce the incidence of bleeding without increasing the risk of thromboembolic complications.",
"Less specificity of this assay may be due to high endemicity of tuberculosis. However, further studies are recommended.",
"Severe hypotension and bradycardia occur at similar prevalence in neurocritical care patients who receive dexmedetomidine or propofol. Providers should similarly consider the likelihood of hypotension or bradycardia before starting either sedative.",
"Introduction of easy-to-use diagnostic tools, such as RDTs, at the community level appears to be an effective strategy for improving febrile patient management and for reducing excessive use of anti-malarial drugs.",
"The prevalence, intensity, safety, and efficacy of oral anticoagulation (OAC) in addition to dual antiplatelet therapy (DAPT) in "real-world" patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) have not yet been fully evaluated. In the Coronary REvascularization Demonstrating Outcome Study in Kyoto registry cohort-2, a total of 1,057 patients with AF (8.3%) were identified among 12,716 patients undergoing first PCI. Cumulative 5-year incidence of stroke was higher in patients with AF than in no-AF patients (12.8% vs 5.8%, p <0.0001). Although most patients with AF had CHADS2 score ≥2 (75.2%), only 506 patients (47.9%) received OAC with warfarin at hospital discharge. Cumulative 5-year incidence of stroke in the OAC group was not different from that in the no-OAC group (13.8% vs 11.8%, p = 0.49). Time in therapeutic range (TTR) was only 52.6% with an international normalized ratio of 1.6 to 2.6, and only 154 of 409 patients (37.7%) with international normalized ratio data had TTR ≥65%. Cumulative 5-year incidence of stroke in patients with TTR ≥65% was markedly lower than that in patients with TTR <65% (6.9% vs 15.1%, p = 0.01). In a 4-month landmark analysis in the OAC group, there was a trend for higher cumulative incidences of stroke and major bleeding in the on-DAPT (n = 286) than in the off-DAPT (n = 173) groups (15.1% vs 6.7%, p = 0.052 and 14.7% vs 8.7%, p = 0.10, respectively). In conclusion, OAC was underused and its intensity was mostly suboptimal in real-world patients with AF undergoing PCI, which lead to inadequate stroke prevention. Long-term DAPT in patients receiving OAC did not reduce stroke incidence.",
"In this setting in The Gambia, delivery of IPTc to children 6 years of age and under by VHWs is more effective and less costly than delivery through RCH trekking clinics.",
"Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.",
"The most studied pharmacological intervention in sickle cell anemia aiming at elevating HbF expression is the use of hydroxyurea. At the present time the experience has been that after 1 year of treatment with maximum tolerated doses (MTD) all patients showed increases of percent HbF, with a mean of 15% HbF, without apparent side effects besides the reversible ones observed during the process of attaining the MTD. The question of efficacy is presently being investigated by a multicenter placebo controlled double blind clinical trial that involves more than 20 sites. The goal of the study is to determine if hydroxyurea can decrease the incidence of painful crises by 50%. Results of this study are not expected before the end of 1993.",
"Increased, decreased or normal excitability to transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has been reported in the motor (M1) and visual cortices of patients with migraine. Light deprivation (LD) has been reported to modulate M1 excitability in control subjects (CS). Still, effects of LD on M1 excitability compared to exposure to environmental light exposure (EL) had not been previously described in patients with migraine (MP). To further our knowledge about differences between CS and MP, regarding M1 excitability and effects of LD on M1 excitability, we opted for a novel approach by extending measurement conditions. We measured motor thresholds (MTs) to TMS, short-interval intracortical inhibition, and ratios between motor-evoked potential amplitudes and supramaximal M responses in MP and CS on two different days, before and after LD or EL. Motor thresholds significantly increased in MP in LD and EL sessions, and remained stable in CS. There were no significant between-group differences in other measures of TMS. Short-term variation of MTs was greater in MP compared to CS. Fluctuation in excitability over hours or days in MP is an issue that, until now, has been relatively neglected. The results presented here will help to reconcile conflicting observations.",
"The potential for CHWs to use RDTs, AL, and amoxicillin to manage both malaria and pneumonia at the community level is promising and might reduce overuse of AL, as well as provide early and appropriate treatment to children with nonsevere pneumonia.",
"Over the past three decades physicians have used light level laser therapy (LLLT) for the management and the treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathy and have obtained results that calls for further investigations. This study aimed to investigate the effectiveness of LLLT in treatment of pain symptoms in patients with diabetic polyneuropathy. In this study 60 patients with diabetic peripheral neuropathy were matched based on their sex, age, BMI, type of diabetes, duration of diabetes, and duration of pain, and randomized to case and control groups based on their established scores on the visual analog scale (VAS) and the Toronto clinical scoring system (TCSS). Cases received laser therapy with wavelength of 78 nm and 2.5 j/cm2 two times a week, each time for 5 min, for one month. During the same period, controls received sham laser therapy. Comparing the differences between the two groups' VAS and TCSS mean scores before the intervention with that of the 2 weeks and 4 weeks after the intervention we were able to see a statistically significant difference between the two groups (P&lt;0.05). On the other hand, when we compared their VAS and TCSS mean scores 4 weeks and 2 weeks after the intervention we did not find any statistically significant difference between the two groups. We achieved the same results when we examined cases' and controls' pre and post VAS and TCSS scores independent from each other; no improvement in the assessment based on their 2 and 4 weeks comparisons tests. Laser therapy resulted in improved neuropathy outcomes in diabetic patients who received it relative to the group that received sham therapy, evaluating before and after LLLT assessments. Further studies are needed to test types of lasers, as well as different dosage and exposure levels required in different phase of neuropathic care, so as to obtain reproducible results.",
"null",
"Therapeutics which reduce the pathology in sickle cell syndromes are needed, particularly noncytotoxic therapeutics. Fetal hemoglobin (HbF, α(2) γ(2) ) is established as a major regulator of disease severity; increased HbF levels correlate with milder clinical courses and improved survival. Accordingly, sodium dimethylbutyrate (HQK-1001), an orally-bioavailable, promoter-targeted fetal globin gene-inducing agent, was evaluated in a randomized, blinded, dose-ranging Phase I/II trial in 24 adult patients with HbSS or S/β thalassemia, to determine safety and tolerability of three escalating dose levels. The study therapeutic was administered once daily for two 6-week cycles, with a two-week interim dose holiday. Twenty-one patients completed the study. Five patients received study drug at 10 or 20 mg/kg doses, seven patients received study drug at 30 mg/kg/dose, and 4 patients received placebo. HQK-1001 was well-tolerated with no unexpected drug-related adverse events; a dose-limiting toxicity was not identified. Plasma drug levels were sustained above targeted levels for 24 hr. Increases in HbF above baseline were observed particularly with 30 mg/kg/day doses; in five of seven treated patients, a mean absolute increase in HbF of 0.2 g/dl and a mean increase in total hemoglobin (Hgb) of 0.83 g/dl above baseline were observed, whereas no increases occurred in placebo-treated controls. These findings of favorable PK profiles, tolerability, early rises in HbF, and total Hgb indicate that trials of longer duration appear warranted to more definitively evaluate the therapeutic potential of HQK-1001 in sickle cell disease.",
"Although CXR is less sensitive in detecting parenchymal and pleural injuries than CT, the majority of the injuries identified by CT alone are minor and require no treatment. CXR remains the primary modality for diagnostic evaluation of blunt thoracic trauma.",
"We describe herein our new technique of performing video-assisted thoracic surgery (VATS) using a flexible scope and a bleb implement which allows for a reduction in the risk of overlooking small and flat blebs in patients with a spontaneous pneumothorax (SP). This technique was performed in 26 consecutive patients with a SP. A skin incision about 18 mm long was made in the area over which the patients had specified preoperatively, and meticulous observation of the apex and superior segment was performed using a bleb implement. Partial pneumonectomy with endoscopic staplers and laser ablation were carried out for pleural lesions. We found that VATS combined with a flexible scope and a bleb implement resulted in better visibility for detection and removal of any small and flat blebs.",
"Quinine is a standard drug for treating severe malaria in Africa, and it is also increasingly used to treat uncomplicated disease. However, failures of quinine therapy are common, and it is unknown if failures in Africa are due to drug resistance. Recent studies have identified associations between in vitro quinine sensitivity and polymorphisms in genes encoding putative transporters, including well-described polymorphisms in pfcrt and pfmdr1 and varied numbers of DNNND or DDNHNDNHNND repeats in microsatellite 4760 (ms4760) of the predicted sodium-hydrogen exchanger, pfnhe1. To better characterize mediators of quinine response, we assessed associations between genetic polymorphisms, in vitro quinine sensitivity, and quinine treatment responses in Kampala, Uganda. Among 172 fresh clinical isolates tested in vitro, decreasing sensitivity to quinine was associated with accumulation of pfmdr1 mutations at codons 86, 184, and 1246. Nearly all parasites had pfcrt 76T, preventing analysis of associations with this mutation. pfnhe1 ms4760 was highly polymorphic. Parasites with 2 copies of either ms4760 repeat showed modest decreases in quinine sensitivity compared to those with 1 or ≥3 repeats, but the differences were not statistically significant. None of the above polymorphisms predicted treatment failure among 66 subjects treated with quinine for uncomplicated malaria. Our data suggest that quinine sensitivity is a complex trait and that known polymorphisms in pfcrt, pfmdr1, and pfnhe1, while associated with quinine sensitivity, are not robust markers for quinine resistance.",
"AR-12286 was well tolerated and provided clinically and statistically significant ocular hypotensive efficacy in patients with ocular hypertension and glaucoma.",
"The use of TIAPs has resulted in a safe and effective option for high-dose chemotherapy deliverance and stem cell transplantation, in spite of inducing severe neutropenia and increasing the risk of sepsis in this category of oncology patient.",
"The aim of this phase IIA clinical trial was to assess the efficacy of an 80 % ethanolic quantified extract (containing 5.6 % strictosamide as the putative active constituent) from Nauclea pobeguinii stem bark denoted as PR 259 CT1 in a small group of adult patients diagnosed with uncomplicated falciparum malaria. Results obtained from a phase I clinical trial on healthy male volunteers indicated that the oral administration during meals of two 500 mg capsules three times daily (each eight hours) during seven days was well tolerated and showed only mild and self-resolving adverse effects. This PR 259 CT1 drug regimen was obtained by mathematical conversion of animal doses obtained in several in vivo studies in mice to human equivalent doses as in falciparum malaria patients. The phase IIA study was an open cohort study in eleven appraisable adult patients suffering from proven Plasmodium falciparum malaria. The study was specifically designed to assess the efficacy of PR 259 CT1 administered with a dose regimen of two 500 mg capsules three times daily for three days, followed by outpatient treatment of one 500 mg capsule three times daily for the next four days, in order to prove that this therapeutic dose, which was calculated from animal doses, was effective to treat adult malaria patients and consequently useful for a future Phase IIB clinical trial. This study would then substitute a dose-escalating trial, which in general is used to find the appropriate dose for clinical studies. The phase IIA clinical trial was carried out according to the WHO 2003 14-day test, and the results revealed that all eleven patients were completely cleared of parasitemia and fever on days 3, 7, and 14 except for one patient, who experienced a recurrence of parasitemia at days 7 until 14. Besides this adequate clinical and parasitological response (ACPR), this trial also demonstrated that PR 259 CT1 was well tolerated with only mild and self-resolving adverse effects including fatigue and headache, which were in accordance with those found in the phase I clinical trial. Moreover, all symptoms progressively disappeared, and no symptoms were observed on day 14. Although the number of patients included in this study was rather limited, the statistical analysis nevertheless suggested the efficacy and tolerability of PR 259 CT1, which indicated that this herbal medicinal product might be considered as a putative candidate for a large scale clinical trial.",
"Ivabradine reverses cardiac remodelling in patients with HF and LV systolic dysfunction.",
"Three potentially protective responses to hypoxia have been reported to be enhanced in divers: (1) the diving response, (2) the blood-boosting spleen contraction, and (3) a long-term enhancement of hemoglobin concentration (Hb). Longitudinal studies, however, have been lacking except concerning the diving response. Ten untrained subjects followed a 2-week training program with 10 maximal effort apneas per day, with pre- and posttraining measurements during three maximal duration apneas, and an additional post-training series when the apneic duration was kept identical to that before training. Cardiorespiratory parameters and venous blood samples were collected across tests, and spleen diameters were measured via ultrasound imaging. Maximal apneic duration increased by 44 s (P < 0.05). Diving bradycardia developed 3 s earlier and was more pronounced after training (P < 0.05). Spleen contraction during apneas was similar during all tests. The arterial hemoglobin desaturation (SaO2) nadir after apnea was 84% pretraining and 89% after the duration-mimicked apneas post-training (P < 0.05), while it was 72% (P < 0.05) after maximal apneas post-training. Baseline Hb remained unchanged after training, but reticulocyte count increased by 15% (P < 0.05). We concluded that the attenuated SaO2 decrease during mimic apneas was due mainly to the earlier and more pronounced diving bradycardia, as no enhancement of spleen contraction or Hb had occurred. Increased reticulocyte count suggests augmented erythropoiesis.",
"FIRM mapping revealed a median of 2 (interquartile range: 1 to 2) rotors or focal sources in 97.7% of patients during AF. During a median follow-up period of 890 days (interquartile range: 224 to 1,563 days), compared to FIRM-blinded therapy, patients receiving FIRM-guided ablation maintained higher freedom from AF after 1.2 ± 0.4 procedures (median 1; interquartile range: 1 to 1) (77.8% vs. 38.5%, p = 0.001) and a single procedure (p < 0.001) and higher freedom from all atrial arrhythmias (p = 0.003). Freedom from AF was higher when ablation directly or coincidentally passed through sources than when it missed sources (p < 0.001).",
"In this prospective case-series study, a balanced anesthetic scheme of sevoflurane in nitrous oxide supplemented with remifentanil and sustained neuromuscular block was applied in nine patients scheduled for laparoscopic adrenalectomy for pheochromocytoma. Laparoscopic adrenalectomy to treat pheochromocytoma results in marked catecholamine release during pneumoperitoneum and tumor manipulation. Remifentanil infusion was adjusted to maintain systolic arterial pressure between 120-170 mmHg. Increased infusion rate of remifentanil was used (up to 3 microg/kg/min) to prevent and treat marked hemodynamic changes from catecholamine release during tumor manipulation. Hpotension after tumor removal was treated with additional colloids fluids and decreasing the remifentanil infusion rate by 25-50%.",
"Migraine headaches are common in children. Early diagnosis and appropriate interventions are mandatory to prevent decades of suffering and diminished quality of life. There is need for data regarding the efficacy and safety of prophylactic agents in children with migraine; therefore, we designed a randomized clinical trial to compare the efficacy and safety of cinnarizine with that of a well-known prophylactic agent (propranolol) in the prophylaxis of pediatric migraine headache. A total of 120 patients aged between 6 and 17 years were recruited and 113 patients succeeded in completing all phases of the trial. Of them, 57 patients were given cinnarizine, and propranolol was administered in 56 patients. Reduction in headache frequency was the main response to treatment. Cinnarizine reduced the baseline headache frequency by more than 50% in 74.6% of patients and the mean headache frequency per month was reduced from 11.851 ± 0.739 (mean ± SEM) to 3.358 ± 0.739 (mean ± SEM) attacks per month (P < 0.001). In the propranolol group, more than 50% reduction of the baseline headache frequency was seen in 72.5% of patients and the mean headache frequency per month was reduced from 10.264 ± 0.830 (mean ± SEM) to 2.774 ± 0.830 (mean ± SEM) attacks per month (P < 0.001). No significant difference was seen in 50% reduction of the baseline headache frequency between treatment groups (P = 0.358). No significant adverse effects were reported. In this open study, cinnarizine appeared thus as effective as propranolol and safe for the prophylaxis of migraine in children, but this remains to be confirmed in a double-blind placebo-controlled trial.",
"One year of treatment with LTFC or DTFC resulted in similar IOP lowering effects as well as stable visual function and structure. The DTFC group showed lower vascular resistance in retrobulbar vessels compared to the LTFC group.",
"Brimonidine purite 0.1% provided significantly lower IOP compared with brinzolamide 1% when used as adjunctive therapy to latanoprost. Both adjunctive therapies were well tolerated. Limitations of this study include the use of a single site and the sample size. Additional studies are needed to further evaluate these drugs as adjunctive therapy to prostaglandin analogs.",
"D/T significantly improved RVA in POAG patients exhibiting RVD while on timolol 0.5% alone. D/T also increased sOPP compared to B/T. There was no significant difference (P=0.37) between D/T and B/T in improving RVA.",
"Despite insulin intensive therapy, T1D still negatively affects growth. Residual β-cell mass has a direct positive impact on growth, independently from the quality of glycemic control.",
"Incidence of TB still associated with conventional risk factors as country of birth, low CD4 count and route of HIV infection while HAART reduces the risk substantially. The mortality in this patient population is high in the first two years after TB diagnosis.",
"We have recently completed a double-blind, placebo-controlled, noncrossover study, the goal of which was to determine whether cetiedil citrate (cetiedil) could affect the course of vaso-occlusive crises in sickle cell disease. Patients, who presented to the emergency room at least 4 but no more than 24 hours after the onset of a painful vasoocclusive crisis severe enough to require hospitalization, were considered candidates for the study. Each patient received either placebo or cetiedil at one of the following three dosages: 0.2, 0.3, or 0.4 mg/kg body weight. The assigned drug dosage was given as a 30 minute intravenous infusion every 8 hours for 4 consecutive days. A total of 67 patients was enrolled in the study. Cetiedil, at its highest dosage (0.4 mg/kg body weight), was found to be significantly superior to placebo both in reducing the number of painful sites present on all 4 treatment days and in shortening the total time in crisis. No serious adverse reactions were observed during the course of the study. We conclude that cetiedil, given at a dosage of 0.4 mg/kg body weight, is therapeutically advantageous for sickle cell crisis.",
"In this cohort of Nigerian preschool children, malaria infection was the major contributor to anaemia status. Ascaris co-infection neither exacerbated nor ameliorated the severity of malarial anaemia.",
"GW274150 at doses predicted to inhibit iNOS >80% did not differ from placebo in the prophylaxis of migraine. The results do not support a role of iNOS inhibition in migraine prevention.",
"MAD accurately identified patients with NSTEMIs, predicted mortality, and identified coronary occlusion in patients with NSTEMIs.",
"There is a high prevalence of dhfr triple mutant with some dhps point mutations in Gabon, in line with treatment failures observed, and molecular markers of SP resistance should be closely monitored.",
"Video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery was applied in a total of 20 patients, since Dec. 1992. There were 16 man and 4 woman whose ages ranged from 20 to 65 years. Three patient had a wedge resection for lung tumors, one a lobectomy for tracheaectasy, eleven with recurrent spontaneous pneumothorax were successfully treated, Pleural tumors (n = 1), pulmonary cyst (n = 1), Three biopsy of lung. The advantages of this for patients include cosmetic considerations, a shorter operation period, low pain, earlier postoperation mobilization.",
"Post CAPV antiarrhythmic drug therapy could only decrease the early AF recurrence rate but was not effective for decreasing AF recurrence rate on later stage.",
"The intervention was effective in enhancing the provision of community-based TB-HIV and PMTCT services. However, attention to other primary health care services is required to ensure that all key services are provided.",
"Plasmodium falciparum: apical membrane antigen 1 (AMA1) is a candidate malaria vaccine antigen expressed on merozoites and sporozoites. The polymorphic nature of AMA1 may compromise vaccine induced protection. The humoral response induced by two dosages (10 and 50 µg) of a single allele AMA1 antigen (FVO) formulated with Alhydrogel, Montanide ISA 720 or AS02 was investigated in 47 malaria-naïve adult volunteers. Volunteers were vaccinated 3 times at 4 weekly intervals and serum samples obtained four weeks after the third immunization were analysed for (i) Antibody responses to various allelic variants, (ii) Domain specificity, (iii) Avidity, (iv) IgG subclass levels, by ELISA and (v) functionality of antibody responses by Growth Inhibition Assay (GIA). About half of the antibodies induced by vaccination cross reacted with heterologous AMA1 alleles. The choice of adjuvant determined the magnitude of the antibody response, but had only a marginal influence on specificity, avidity, domain recognition or subclass responses. The highest antibody responses were observed for AMA1 formulated with AS02. The Growth Inhibition Assay activity of the antibodies was proportional to the amount of antigen specific IgG and the functional capacity of the antibodies was similar for heterologous AMA1-expressing laboratory strains.",
"The greater improvement in several cardiac functions was seen in patients with greater LV dysfunction, after the CA for CAF.",
"Women and long AF duration were closely related to the recurrence of AF after the first ablation in patients with long-standing persistent AF. Women also had a higher risk of vascular complications.",
"Combination chemotherapy with CVD produced objective tumor responses in patients with advanced malignant pheochromocytoma/paraganglioma. In this 22-year follow-up there was no difference in overall survival between patients whose tumors objectively shrank and those with stable or progressive disease. However, patients reported improvement in symptoms, had objective improvements in blood pressure, and had tumor shrinkage that made surgical resection possible. The authors conclude that CVD therapy is not indicated in every patient with metastatic pheochromocytoma/paraganglioma, but should be considered in the management of patients with symptoms and where tumor shrinkage might be beneficial.",
"Acupuncture is a safe therapy with low risk of adverse events in clinical practice. The risk factors for adverse events (AEs) were related to the patients' gender and age and the local anatomical structure of the acupoints. AEs could be reduced and mitigated by improving the medical environment, ensuring a high technical level of the acupuncture practitioners and establishing a good relationship of mutual trust between doctor and patient.",
"Predominant RVP in patients without symptoms of HF at baseline may be responsible for worse performance in cardiopulmonary exercise test, higher BNP concentrations and impairment of LV function. Specific DDDR pacemaker programming promotes intrinsic AV conduction and may prevent the development of pacing-induced HF.",
"The angle of right ventricle/LV inflow and other surrogates of inflow may be important defining echocardiographic measures of right dominant unbalanced AVSD, although confirmation is needed.",
"Extended combined oral contraceptive regimen reduces MRM severity. Frovatriptan prevents headaches during HFIs, but is associated with new headache symptoms when withdrawn.",
"In patients with AF, even in the absence of significant concomitant cardiac diseases, depression, followed by sleeping disorder and physical inactivity, was significantly associated with discordance. These findings should be considered by physicians when choosing treatment strategies.",
"A randomized double-blind clinical trial was performed to test the safety and efficacy of a low-molecular-weight heparin, tinzaparin (Innohep), for the management of acute painful vasoocclusive crisis characteristic of sickle cell anemia (SCA). We studied 253 patients with acute painful crisis but with no other complications of SCA, randomized to treatment or control groups. In the treatment group, 127 patients received tinzaparin at 175 IU/kg, subcutaneous once daily, along with supportive care including morphine analgesia; in the control group, 126 patients received placebo and the same supportive care. The maximal experimental treatment period was seven days. Analysis revealed a statistically significant reduction in number of days with the severest pain score, overall duration of painful crisis, and duration of hospitalization (p < 0.05 for each comparison of tinzaparin vs. placebo). The decline in pain intensity was sharper for tinzaparin-treated patients, and complications consisted of two minor bleeding events that were reported and treated by cessation of tinzaparin. This investigation demonstrated that tinzaparin, administered at its approved treatment regimen, reduced the severity and duration of acute crisis of SCA.",
"NCT No. 00698334.",
"Previous data reported worse outcomes in female patients after acute ST elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI), related at least in part to less aggressive and nonparallel treatment. We investigated the presence of gender differences in left ventricular (LV) systolic and diastolic function in patients presenting with first STEMI, treated with primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Study population included 187 consecutive patients (81% men) presenting with STEMI and treated by primary PCI and guideline-based medications. Their mean age was 58 ± 10 years. All patients underwent a comprehensive echocardiographic evaluation within 3 days of admission. Female patients were older (62 ± 11 vs 59 ± 10 years, p = 0.006), with more co-morbidities and longer symptom duration (490 ± 436 vs 365 ± 437 minutes, p = 0.013). Echocardiography demonstrated that female patients had significantly lower LV systolic function (47 ± 8% vs 45 ± 8%, p = 0.03), lower septal and lateral e' velocities, higher average E/e' ratio (all p <0.001), elevated systolic pulmonary artery pressure (p = 0.03), and worse diastolic dysfunction (p = 0.007). No significant changes were present in left atrial volumes. In a logistic multivariate analysis model, female gender emerged as an independent predictor of septal e' <8 cm/s (odds ratio 10.11, 95% confidence interval 1.23 to 82.32, p = 0.002) and E/average e' ratio >15 (odds ratio 6.47, 95% confidence interval 1.63 to 25.61, p = 0.008). In conclusion, female patients undergoing primary PCI for first STEMI demonstrated worse systolic and diastolic LV function, despite receiving similar treatment as male patients.",
"In high-risk NSTE ACS patients, post-PCI eptifibatide infusions <18 hours were not associated with worse ischaemic outcomes. Shorter eptifibatide infusions in this population may be feasible.",
"To determine what role the technique plays in complications associated with thoracentesis performed by physicians in training, we undertook a prospective study of thoracentesis in the medical service at our institution in which the sampling method was randomized among needle, needle with catheter, and needle with direct sonographic guidance. Fifty-two spontaneously breathing, cooperative patients with free-flowing effusions obliterating more than half of the hemidiaphragm on an upright, posteroanterior chest roentgenogram were randomized. When we analyzed those complications that were potentially life-threatening (eg, pneumothorax) and/or placed patients at increased risk for further morbidity (eg, pneumothorax, dry tap, inadequate tap), the sonography-guided method was associated with significantly fewer serious complications (0 of 19) than the needle-catheter (9 of 18) or needle-only methods (5 of 15). The sonography-guided method was associated with fewer pneumothoraces (0 of 19) than the needle-catheter (7 of 18) or needle-only methods (3 of 15). The difference between needle-catheter and needle-only methods was not significant. From our results, we conclude that the method by which thoracentesis was performed significantly influenced the spectrum and frequency of complications, and the sonography-guided method was the safest.",
"Digoxin is mainly given to an elderly and frailer subset of patients with AF and is thus associated with an increased mortality. When differences in patient characteristics are accounted for digoxin use seems to have a neutral effect on mortality and major cardiovascular events in patients with AF.",
"In our area, no relationship was observed between pneumothorax episodes and meteorological conditions in cases with SP, but attacks were found to occur more often in certain seasons and months. We believe that more significant results could be obtained if similar studies are conducted in other regions or maybe all over the country.",
"The study estimated that the proportion of cases notified to the NTP was low, with actual incidence rates being higher than official estimates. TB surveillance should be strengthened to reduce under-reporting.",
"Despite a higher efficiency of direct skin feeding assays, membrane feeding assays appear suitable tools to compare the infectiousness between individuals and to evaluate transmission-reducing interventions. Several aspects of membrane feeding procedures currently lack standardization; this variability makes comparisons between laboratories challenging and should be addressed to facilitate future testing of transmission-reducing interventions.",
"High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) increases and low-frequency rTMS decreases neural excitability. Clinically, rTMS shows beneficial effects in the treatment of neurological and psychiatric disorders. Furthermore, chronic and neuropathic pain has been shown to respond to rTMS treatment. A small pilot study revealed prophylactic effects of high-frequency rTMS in migraine. As there is evidence of neuronal hyperexcitability in migraine, we conducted a placebo-controlled, blinded study to evaluate the therapeutic effects of low-frequency rTMS in migraine. The primary end-point was defined as a reduction of migraine attacks compared with placebo, secondary outcomes were a reduction in the total number of days with headache, hours with headache, pain intensity and a decrease of analgesic intake for migraine. Twenty-seven migraineurs completed the study and were treated with rTMS on five consecutive days. For the verum group, two trains of 500 pulses with a frequency of 1 Hz were applied over vertex with a round coil. For the treatment of the placebo group, a figure-of-eight sham coil was used. A significant decrease of migraine attacks could be observed in the verum group. However, when comparing these effects with placebo, no significance was evident. The same was true concerning secondary outcome measures with regard to days with migraine and total hours with migraine. No effects were evident for pain intensity and use of analgesics. The rTMS treatment was tolerated well. rTMS stimulation over vertex with 1 Hz was not effective in migraine prophylaxis when compared with placebo. The positive effects regarding migraine attacks, days and total hours with migraine in the verum group are encouraging and indicate that further research on this topic is warranted.",
"Female sex is a risk factor for mortality after aortic valve replacement, for major vascular complications after TAVI, and for transfusions after both approaches.",
"This first-time analysis of cerebellar autoregulation in migraine did not show a specific cerebellar dysautoregulation in the interictal period. More static autoregulatory properties (index Dx) are, however, impaired in persons with migraine with aura both in the cerebellar and anterior circulation. The cerebellar predilection of ischemic lesions in migraine with aura might be a combination of altered autoregulation and additional factors, such as the end artery cerebellar angioarchitecture.",
"Our results showed that AF ablation with cryoballoon is effective and safe. Non-paroxysmal AF, duration of AF, smoking, BMI, LA diameter and early recurrence were found to be the most powerful predictors and could be helpful to select patients for appropriate therapeutic strategy.",
"The objective of this study is to analyse our experience in the treatment of refractory chronic migraine (CM) with onabotulinumtoxinA (BTA) and specifically in its effects over disabling attacks. Patients with CM and inadequate response or intolerance to oral preventatives were treated with pericranial injections of 100 U of TBA every 3 months. The dose was increased up to 200 U in case of no response. The patients kept a headache diary. In addition, we specifically asked on the effect of BTA on the frequency of disabling attacks, consumption of triptans and visits to Emergency for the treatment of severe attacks. This series comprises a total of 35 patients (3 males), aged 24-68 years. All except three met IHS criteria for analgesic overuse. The number of sessions with BTA ranged from 2 to 15 (median 4) and nine (26%) responded (reduction of >50% in headache days). However, the frequency of severe attacks was reduced to an average of 46%. Oral triptan consumption (29 patients) was reduced by 50% (from an average of 22 to 11 tablets/month). Those six patients who used subcutaneous sumatriptan reduced its consumption to a mean of 69% (from 4.5 to 1.5 injections per month). Emergency visits went from an average of 3 to 0.4 per trimester (-83%). Six patients complained of mild adverse events, transient local cervical pain being the most common. Although our data must be taken with caution as this is an open trial, in clinical practice treatment of refractory CM with BTA reduces the frequency of disabling attacks, the consumption of triptans and the need of visits to Emergency, which makes this treatment a profitable option both clinically and pharmacoeconomically.",
"Older patients, men and those with a longer duration of diabetes may need more intensive support for dietary change. We recommend that future studies use objective measurement of health behaviours and that researchers add predictors beyond the individual level. Our results support a focus on establishing healthy lifestyle changes early in the diabetes disease trajectory.",
"The PRIME trial findings will be supplemented by the PROCESS study, an evaluation of the process, context, and wider impact of the PRIME intervention which will be conducted alongside the main trial, together providing evidence of the health impact of a public sector intervention in Uganda.",
"Mitral valve (MV) repair using expanded polytetrafluoroethylene sutures is an established and preferred interventional method to resolve the complex pathophysiologic problems associated with chordal rupture. We developed a novel computational evaluation protocol to determine the effect of the artificial sutures on restoring MV function following valve repair. A virtual MV was created using three-dimensional echocardiographic data in a patient with ruptured mitral chordae tendineae (RMCT). Virtual repairs were designed by adding artificial sutures between the papillary muscles and the posterior leaflet where the native chordae were ruptured. Dynamic finite element simulations were performed to evaluate pre- and post-repair MV function. Abnormal posterior leaflet prolapse and mitral regurgitation was clearly demonstrated in the MV with ruptured chordae. Following virtual repair to reconstruct ruptured chordae, the severity of the posterior leaflet prolapse decreased and stress concentration was markedly reduced both in the leaflet tissue and the intact native chordae. Complete leaflet coaptation was restored when four or six sutures were utilized. Computational simulations provided quantitative information of functional improvement following MV repair. This novel simulation strategy may provide a powerful tool for evaluation and prediction of interventional treatment for RMCT.",
"Ear acupuncture can be a useful mean for controlling migraine pain. It has been shown that a technique called the Needle Contact Test (NCT) can identify the most efficacious ear acupoints for reducing current migraine pain through just a few seconds of needle contact. The majority of the points were located on the antero-internal part of the antitragus (area M) on the same side of pain. The aim of this study was to verify the therapeutic value of area M and to compare it with an area of the ear (representation of the sciatic nerve, area S) which probably does not have a therapeutic effect on migraine attacks. We studied 94 females suffering from migraine without aura, diagnosed according to the ICHD-II criteria, during the attack. They were randomly subdivided into two groups: in group A, tender points located in area M, positive to NCT were inserted; in group B, the unsuitable area (S) was treated. Changes in pain intensity were measured using a VAS scale at various times of the study. During treatment, there was a highly significant trend in the reduction of the VAS value in group A (Anova for repeated measures: p < 0.001), whereas no significance was observed in group B. VAS values were significantly lower in group A than in group B at 10, 30, 60 and 120 min after needle insertion. This study suggests that the therapeutic specificity of auricular points exists and is linked to the somatotopic representation of our body on the ear.",
"We did not find a statistically significant decrease in headache recurrence in patients treated with steroids for migraine headaches.",
"Among patients with prospectively identified MM, eletriptan 20 mg 3 times daily effectively reduced MM. A significant reduction in headache activity occurred for 53% of patients.",
"Insecticide-treated mosquito net protection in early infancy is not a risk factor for mortality. Individual ITN protection does not sufficiently reduce malaria prevalence in high-transmission areas. Achieving universal ITN coverage remains a major challenge for malaria prevention in Africa.",
"Frequent migraine headaches can have a significant impact on disability, prompting the need for early recognition and treatment. The objective of this study is to compare the efficacy of topiramate and sodium valproate for the prevention of pediatric migraine, retrospectively. Mean monthly migraine frequency, intensity, and duration in the 28 patients treated with topiramate decreased from 15.3 +/- 10.1 to 4.4 +/- 5.5 episode, from 6.8 +/- 1 to 3.2 +/- 1, and from 10.2 +/- 9.4 to 2.4 +/- 3.1 hours, respectively. Headache disability improved with a reduction of Pediatric Migraine Disability Assessment score from 36 +/- 29.5 to 4.6 +/- 6.5 (P < .05). Similarly, mean monthly headache frequency, headache intensity, headache duration, and Pediatric Migraine Disability Assessment score in the 20 patients treated with sodium valproate decreased from 20.1 +/- 10.2 to 6.6 +/- 8.6, from 7.1 +/- 1 to 3.4 +/- 2.1, from 7 +/- 12 to 1.4 +/- 2.5 hours, and from 20.5 +/- 16.1 to 5.5 +/- 9.2, respectively (P < .05). In conclusion, valproate and topiramate seem to be able to manage successfully childhood migraine without substantial differences in efficacy.",
"This study suggests that our novel MPC algorithm can safely and effectively control glucose overnight, also when CL control is initiated during hyperglycemia.",
"In coexistent AF and AFL, lower recurrence rate and better quality of life are associated with AF ablation only or AF+AFL ablation than with lone AFL ablation. Furthermore, quality of life directly correlates with freedom from arrhythmia, as shown in this study for the first time in patients blinded to the procedure.",
"The adjunctive use of bevacizumab or mitomycin C during Ahmed valve implantation significantly enhances the valve survival and the first drug seems to be much safer with no visually devastating complications.",
"In this trial, we seek to confirm whether co-trimoxazole is operationally suitable to replace SP-IPT in order to prevent malaria among pregnant women infected with HIV in the Central African Republic.",
"To assess practicability and safety of the Ciaglia Blue Rhino (Cook Critical Care, Bloomington, IL)-an extensively modified technique of percutaneous dilatational tracheostomy-50 critically ill adults on long-term ventilation underwent either new Ciaglia Blue Rhino or percutaneous dilatational tracheostomy in a prospective, randomized clinical trial.",
"This study shows that the posterior approach in internal jugular venous cannulation is more efficient than and as safe as the anterior approach.",
"null",
"Results demonstrate that in response to prasugrel, patients with SCD and healthy subjects have similar degrees of platelet inhibition and exposure to Pras-AM, and provide a basis for further study of prasugrel in patients with SCD.",
"Participants in clinical trials in the field of interventional cardiology with a follow-up of at least six months differed considerably from non-participants in baseline and procedural characteristics. Trial-participants had better survival than non-participants. In contrast, a two-fold higher incidence of repeat PCI was observed in trial-participants.",
"A history of AF had no intrinsic association with mortality but was associated with HF hospitalization in chronic systolic HF.",
"In patients with BAV, tubular ascending aorta dilatation is the most common pattern and exhibits the fastest growing rate, irrespective of valve morphology and function. Dilatation of the Valsalva sinuses is less common and associated with typical BAV morphology and male gender. Aortic dilatation progresses equally fast in BAV (tubular segment) and MFS (Valsalva sinuses), but a significantly higher proportion of BAV patients does not progress at all, irrespective of BAV type. Baseline aortic diameter does not proportionally predict progression rate; systematic follow-up is therefore warranted in patients with BAV.",
"The LA expansion index is associated with the presence of AF, and a reduced LA expansion index has a strong association with persistent AF.",
"These results suggest that unopposed estrogen may be used safely by women with an intact uterus surviving a first myocardial infarction.",
"The use of the ACIST™ device was feasible in carotid stenting in a high-risk population without an increase in end points when compared to historic controls.",
"This study offers preliminary evidence for the use of MEM in the prevention of refractory migraine.Double-blind studies are now required.",
"The efficacy and side effects of hydroxyurea in young children with sickle cell disease are unknown. The authors followed-up eight young children (mean age 3.7 years) during therapy with hydroxyurea for an average of 137 weeks. Total and fetal hemoglobin levels rose with hydroxyurea therapy. Hospital admission rates and total hospital days decreased during hydroxyurea therapy. No unexpected toxicity occurred, and growth and development were unaffected. This pilot study suggests that hydroxyurea is safe and effective in young children with sickle cell disease.",
"This study confirmed that the management and mortality of NSTEMIs in the public health sector in the Western Cape, South Africa is not influenced by geography, but rather by the level of service available in the hospital of first presentation.",
"This study demonstrates that circulating adrenomedullin is increased in pheochromocytoma, and is also correlated with plasma noradrenaline levels. Adrenomedullin may represent an additional biochemical parameter for clinical monitoring of patients with pheochromocytoma.",
"Drug-induced changes in the peak heart rate, and head-up tilt test results as well as plasma concentrations of timolol, were significantly more pronounced after treatment with 0.5% aqueous timolol than with 0.1% timolol hydrogel. Because of the statistically similar IOP-reducing efficacy of these formulations the risk-benefit ratio was significantly improved when patients used 0.1% timolol hydrogel instead of 0.5% aqueous timolol.",
"The present small study showed the long-term clinical and 1-year angiographic outcomes after late reperfusion using SES for STEMI patients in emergent procedures in daily practice to be statistically equivalent to those observed after primary stenting using SES for STEMI patients.",
"In this Swedish multicentre study of 381 cases with adrenal incidentalomas, 5% had benign hypersecreting tumours and nearly 4% had malignant tumours. The results of the biochemical diagnostic tests used had a high compatibility with the histological diagnosis found at operation in the patients with hypersecreting tumours. Tumour size, male gender and high age were predictive for the risk of a malignant tumour. A follow-up of the patients is warranted in order to establish whether there are undiscovered cases of malignant or hypersecreting tumours amongst the nonoperated patients.",
"Several factors contribute to the risk of percutaneous coronary intervention-related major entry site (MES) complications. We sought to examine the trends in MES among unselected patients during the stent era. Data from the Dynamic Registry including 5 distinct recruitment waves from 1997 to 2006 (n = 10,932) were used to assess baseline characteristics and MES among consecutive patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention. MES was defined as bleeding requiring transfusion, pseudoaneurysm, arterial thrombosis or dissection, vascular complication requiring surgery, or retroperitoneal bleed. Uncomplicated hematomas were not included. Several trends were observed in baseline characteristics including an increase from wave 1 to wave 5 in body mass index >30 kg/m(2) (30.2% to 40.4%), renal disease (3.5% to 9.1%), diabetes (28.0% to 34.1%), and hypertension (59.4% to 78%; ptrend <0.001 for all). The use of a thienopyridine increased significantly from wave 1 (49.7%) to wave 5 (84%), whereas glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitor use peaked in wave 3 (53.1%) and then decreased (p <0.001). Access site was predominately femoral, but radial access increased over time (0.3% wave 1, 6.6% wave 5, p ≤0.0001). The rates of MES (2.8% to 2.2%, ptrend = 0.01) and MES requiring transfusion (2.0% to 0.74%, ptrend <0.001) were low and decreased with time. The trend in less risk for MES in later time periods remained after adjustment. In conclusion, MES has decreased over time; however, opportunity for bleeding avoidance strategies still exists.",
"Based on the 5-year follow-up data, there is strong evidence that surgical manipulation of one or more migraine trigger sites can successfully eliminate or reduce the frequency, duration, and intensity of migraine headache in a lasting manner.",
"Despite the clear public health benefit of insecticide-treated bednets (ITNs), the impact of malaria transmission-reduction by vector control on the spread of drug resistance is not well understood. In the present study, the effect of sustained transmission reduction by ITNs on the prevalence of Plasmodium falciparum gene mutations associated with resistance to the antimalarial drugs sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine (SP) and chloroquine (CQ) in children under the age of five years was investigated during an ITN trial in Asembo area, western Kenya. During the ITN trial, the national first line antimalarial treatment changed from CQ to SP. Smear-positive samples collected from cross sectional surveys prior to ITN introduction (baseline, n = 250) and five years post-ITN intervention (year 5 survey, n = 242) were genotyped for single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) at dhfr-51, 59, 108, 164 and dhps-437, 540 (SP resistance), and pfcrt-76 and pfmdr1-86 (CQ resistance). The association between the drug resistance mutations and epidemiological variables was evaluated. There were significant increases in the prevalence of SP dhps mutations and the dhfr/dhps quintuple mutant, and a significant reduction in the proportion of mixed infections detected at dhfr-51, 59 and dhps-437, 540 SNPs from baseline to the year 5 survey. There was no change in the high prevalence of pfcrt-76 and pfmdr1-86 mutations. Multivariable regression analysis further showed that current antifolate use and year of survey were significantly associated with more SP drug resistance mutations. These results suggest that increased antifolate drug use due to drug policy change likely led to the high prevalence of SP mutations 5 years post-ITN intervention and reduced transmission had no apparent effect on the existing high prevalence of CQ mutations. There is no evidence from the current study that sustained transmission reduction by ITNs reduces the prevalence of genes associated with malaria drug resistance.",
"Study the serum level of HGF, Cys C and TGF-beta1 in type 2 diabetic nephropathy (DN), the infect of Pingshen decoction on those index. Selected 69 cases of 2 type DN and randomly divided into therapy group (36 cases) and control group (33 cases). The therapy group were treated with Pingshen decoction 1 dose/d, bid po. The control group were treated with NephritisShu tablet, 6 tablet, tid po. 8 weeks was a course. Before and after treatment, we examine the serum level of HGF, Cys C and TGF-beta1 by ELISA and immunonephelometry, and compare with 30 cases of healthy control group. The study demonstrates that before treatment, the serum level of HGF in both groups were significantly lower than healthy control group (P < 0.01), but Cys C, TGF-beta1 were significantly higher (P < 0.01). After treatment, the serum level of HGF of both groups were increased. The serum level of HGF of therapy group were significantly higher than of control group (P < 0.01), but the serum level of Cys C and TGF-beta1 were significantly lower than control group (P < 0.01). The serum level of HGF was correlated negatively with Cys C,TGF-beta1. In control group, the UAER, urine beta2-MG and quantity of 24-hour urine protein were significantly decreased after treatment (P < 0.01). The index of urine of therapy group were significantly lower than control group (P < 0.01). Results indicate that test of serum level of HGF and Cys C,TGF-beta1 of diabetic nephropathy have important clinical significance. Pingshen decoction can effectively intervene in the serum level of HGF and Cys C, TGF-beta1 and index of urine.",
"Precautionary positioning after TTNB does not reduce the incidence of postbiopsy pneumothorax and rate of chest tube insertion.",
"Although our study reports positive results, it warrants a special emphasis on the behavior of the patient. Study results bring attention to disease management programs such as peer support networks that empower the patients that shift some of the responsibility to them.",
"GISSI-AF patients in sinus rhythm and history of AF showed severely increased LAVmax with mostly normal LV volume, mass, and systolic and diastolic function. Valsartan for 1 year did not reverse LA remodeling or prevent AFr. Half of the patients without AFr had severe LA dilation; therefore, mechanisms other than structural remodeling triggered recurrence.",
"Estimates and projections of diagnosed incidence and prevalence of atrial fibrillation (AF) in the United States have been highly inconsistent across published studies. Although it is generally acknowledged that AF incidence and prevalence are increasing due to growing numbers of older people in the U.S. population, estimates of the rate of expected growth have varied widely. Reasons for these variations include differences in study design, covered time period, birth cohort, and temporal effects, as well as improvements in AF diagnosis due to increased use of diagnostic tools and health care awareness. The objective of this study was to estimate and project the incidence and prevalence of diagnosed AF in the United States out to 2030. A large health insurance claims database for the years 2001 to 2008, representing a geographically diverse 5% of the U.S. population, was used in this study. The trend and growth rate in AF incidence and prevalence was projected by a dynamic age-period cohort simulation progression model that included all diagnosed AF cases in future prevalence projections regardless of follow-up treatment, as well as those cases expected to be chronic in nature. Results from the model showed that AF incidence will double, from 1.2 million cases in 2010 to 2.6 million cases in 2030. Given this increase in incidence, AF prevalence is projected to increase from 5.2 million in 2010 to 12.1 million cases in 2030. The effect of uncertainty in model parameters was explored in deterministic and probabilistic sensitivity analyses. Variability in future trends in AF incidence and recurrence rates has the greatest impact on the projected estimates of chronic AF prevalence. It can be concluded that both incidence and prevalence of AF are likely to rise from 2010 to 2030, but there exists a wide range of uncertainty around the magnitude of future trends.",
"OptiMal-IT test revealed similar results when compared to microscopy which is considered the gold standard for malaria diagnostics. The test was found to have a short processing time and was easier to use. These advantages may improve malaria case management by providing a diagnostic and drug efficacy follow-up tool to peripheral health centres with limited resources.",
"This real-world echocardiographic core lab experience in the PARTNER I trial demonstrates that a high standard of measurability and reproducibility can result from extensive quality assurance efforts in both image acquisition and analysis. These results and the echocardiographic data reported here provide a reference for future studies of aortic stenosis patients and should encourage the wider use of echocardiography in clinical research.",
"Thrombocytopenia is commonly seen in Plasmodium vivax malaria, but its prognostic value has not been addressed in children. This prospective study included 676 admitted children of malaria [Plasmodium falciparum (Pf) monoinfection 262, Plasmodium vivax (Pv) monoinfection 380, and mixed (Pf + Pv) infection 34], in which thrombocytopenia (platelet count <150 × 10(3)/mm(3) on admission) was found in 442 (65.38%) children [Pf monoinfection 55.3% (145/262), Pv monoinfection 73.16% (278/380), and mixed infection 55.88% (19/34)]. The association of thrombocytopenia was statistically significant with Pv monoinfection [73.16% (278/380)] in comparison to either Pf monoinfection [55.34% (145/262); odds ratio (OR) = 2.199 (95% confidence interval (CI) 1.577-3.068), p < 0.0001] or mixed infection [55.88% (19/34); OR = 2.152 (95%CI 1.054-4.394), p = 0.032]. In Pv monoinfection, thrombocytopenia was highest in 0-5 years age group and subsequently decreased with advancing age, whereas in Pf monoinfection it was reverse. Severe thrombocytopenia (platelet count <20 × 10(3)/mm(3)) was present in 16.52% (73/442) children [Pv monoinfection 21.58% (60/278) and Pf monoinfection 8.97% (13/145)]. The risk of developing severe thrombocytopenia was also highest in Pv monoinfection [15.79% (60/380)] in comparison to Pf monoinfection [10.59% (13/262); OR = 3.591 (95%CI 1.928-6.690), p < 0.0001]. Bleeding manifestations were associated in 21.27% (94/442) children [Pf monoinfection 9.92% (26/262), Pv monoinfection 16.58% (63/380), and mixed malaria 14.71% (5/34)]. All the children having bleeding manifestations had thrombocytopenia but low platelet counts were not always associated with abnormal bleeding. The association of severe malaria was significantly more among children having Pv monoinfection with platelet counts <20 × 10(3)/mm(3) [OR = 2.569 (95%CI 1.196-5.517), p < 0.014] with specificity of 88.3% and positive predictive value of 85%. Till today, thrombocytopenia is not included in severe malaria criterion described by WHO, but when platelet counts <20 × 103/mm(3), we advocate it to include as one of the severe malaria criteria.",
"Our study indicated that pioglitazone decreased the visceral fat volume and its metabolic activity in patients with impaired glucose tolerance or type 2 diabetes mellitus. The beneficial effects of pioglitazone on visceral fat may be independent of its glucose-lowering effect.",
"Reductions from baseline in mean diurnal IOP and morning IOP were greater with BrTFC than with DTFC.",
"Uninterrupted rivaroxaban therapy appears to be as safe and efficacious in preventing bleeding and thromboembolic events in patients undergoing AF ablation as uninterrupted warfarin therapy.",
"The extraction of the LAP sensor lead was accomplished safely using standard techniques and equipment for percutaneously extracting pacemaker and defibrillator leads.",
"These observations suggest that hemodynamic benefits of biventricular pacing 12 to 24 hours after cardiopulmonary bypass lead to withdrawal of sympathetic drive and decreased intrinsic heart rate. Depression of intrinsic rate increases the apparent benefit of atrial pacing in the chronically paced group but not in the control group. Additional study is needed to define clinical benefits of these effects.",
"ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction caused by pLAD compared with mLAD occlusion results in larger infarcts and greater mortality even with contemporary reperfusion therapy.",
"In conclusion, in this study Topamax (reference product) and Sincronil (generic formulation) have proven therapeutically equivalent and both products were well tolerated.",
"The present study indicates that NO does not induce migraine by liberating CGRP. The most likely explanation for our findings is that CGRP has its effect higher than NO in the cascade of events leading to MO attacks.",
"To investigate the frequency of pheochromocytoma in patients with incidentally discovered adrenal masses (incidentalomas) and to evaluate the sensitivity, specificity and diagnostic accuracy of the Glucagon test in comparison with resting plasma catecholamines, 89 patients with adrenal incidentalomas (age range 23-80 yr; 41 males and 48 females) were studied. Fifty-seven patients were normotensive (SBP 130+/-1.8 mmHg; DBP 80+/-0.7 mmHg, mean+/-SE) and 32 had stable hypertension (SBP 155+/-3.3 mmHg, DBP 93+/-1.4 mmHg): no patient complained of typical signs or symptoms of pheochromocytoma. Resting plasma samples for noradrenaline and adrenaline determination and, at appropriate intervals, the Glucagon test (1 mg i.v.), were performed in all subjects. Diagnosis of pheochromocytoma was made on the basis of humoral evaluations and/or surgical intervention in 6 patients (6.7%), of whom 3 hypertensives and 3 normotensives. Resting plasma catecholamines revealed 5 out of 6 patients with pheochromocytoma: in 3 cases both catecholamines were above the normal range, in 1 only adrenaline was elevated and in 1 case only noradrenaline. Similarily, the glucagon test identified 5/6 pheochromocytomas: in 3 patients the response was abnormal for both catecholamines, in 1 only for adrenaline and in 1 case only for noradrenaline. The sensitivity, specificity, and diagnostic accuracy of resting plasma catecholamines and of the glucagon test were comparable: 83.3%, 96.3%, and 95.5%, respectively. In conclusion, the frequency of pheochromocytoma in adrenal incidentalomas is not negligible, and since the diagnostic accuracy of the Glucagon test is the same of that of resting plasma catecholamines, the former does not appear to offer additional advantages in the diagnosis of incidentally discovered pheochromocytomas.",
"TB screening and IPT delivery can substantially reduce TB incidence and mortality among PLHIV in urban, moderate-burden settings. In such settings, IPT can be an important component of a multi-faceted strategy to feasibly reduce the burden of TB in PLHIV.",
"Sequence diversity in pathogen antigens is an obstacle to the development of interventions against many infectious diseases. In malaria caused by Plasmodium falciparum, the PfEMP1 family of variant surface antigens encoded by var genes are adhesion molecules that play a pivotal role in malaria pathogenesis and clinical disease. PfEMP1 is a major target of protective immunity, however, development of drugs or vaccines based on PfEMP1 is problematic due to extensive sequence diversity within the PfEMP1 family. Here we identified the PfEMP1 variants transcribed by P. falciparum strains selected for a virulence-associated adhesion phenotype (IgM-positive rosetting). The parasites transcribed a subset of Group A PfEMP1 variants characterised by an unusual PfEMP1 architecture and a distinct N-terminal domain (either DBLα1.5 or DBLα1.8 type). Antibodies raised in rabbits against the N-terminal domains showed functional activity (surface reactivity with live infected erythrocytes (IEs), rosette inhibition and induction of phagocytosis of IEs) down to low concentrations (<10 µg/ml of total IgG) against homologous parasites. Furthermore, the antibodies showed broad cross-reactivity against heterologous parasite strains with the same rosetting phenotype, including clinical isolates from four sub-Saharan African countries that showed surface reactivity with either DBLα1.5 antibodies (variant HB3var6) or DBLα1.8 antibodies (variant TM284var1). These data show that parasites with a virulence-associated adhesion phenotype share IE surface epitopes that can be targeted by strain-transcending antibodies to PfEMP1. The existence of shared surface epitopes amongst functionally similar disease-associated P. falciparum parasite isolates suggests that development of therapeutic interventions to prevent severe malaria is a realistic goal.",
"LAVi ≥32 ml/m(2) was found in 105 patients (34%). During follow-up, 60 patients (20%) experienced the composite endpoint, of whom 28 (9%) died. Patients with LAVi ≥32 ml/m(2) had a significantly higher cardiac event rate and death rate (p < 0.001 and p = 0.002, respectively). Univariate predictors of the composite endpoint were age, hypertension, left ventricular diastolic function, E/e'septum-ratio and LAVi ≥32 ml/m(2); however, myocardial ischemia on MPS was not a predictor. When adjusting for age and hypertension, only LAVi ≥32 ml/m(2) was a predictor of the composite endpoint (hazard ratio: 1.82 [95% confidence interval: 1.08 to 3.07], p = 0.024).",
"Higher potency statin use is associated with a moderate increase in the risk of new onset diabetes compared with lower potency statins in patients treated for secondary prevention of cardiovascular disease. Clinicians should consider this risk when prescribing higher potency statins in secondary prevention patients.",
"The study design is adequate to generate meaningful results. The trial will be helpful in gaining important data on exercise training for non-medical migraine prophylaxis.",
"Results build upon previously published studies and suggest that patient beliefs directly influence how migraineurs manage their migraines and have implications for patient outcomes. Such insights should be used to facilitate physician-patient communication and reinforce the need for patient-centered care to improve patient outcomes.",
"The Multicenter Study of Hydroxyurea in Sickle Cell Anemia is a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial to test whether hydroxyurea can reduce the rate of painful crises in adult patients who have at least three painful crises per year. The sample size of 299 patients yields at least 90% power to detect a 50% or greater reduction in crisis rate. Dosage starts at 15 mg/kg/day and is titrated to the patient's maximum tolerated dose up to 35 mg/kg/day. Placebo dosage is titrated in similar fashion to maintain blinding. Attempts are made to ascertain medical contacts for at least 2 years after study entry. The Core Laboratory, Treatment Distribution Center, and Data Coordinating Center collaborate to provide standardized monitoring for toxicity and dose adjustments. The Core Laboratory also reduces the possibility of inadvertent unmasking of treatment assignment during review of hematologic data in clinical centers. An independent Crisis Review Committee classifies clinical events to assure that outcome evaluations are standardized and unbiased by knowledge of treatment assignments. The Data and Safety Monitoring Board assures scientific integrity of the study, as well as the safety and ethical treatment of study patients. We expect the study to determine whether or not treatment with hydroxyurea can offer significant clinical benefit to patients with the most common hereditary disorder among African-Americans in the United States.",
"Recently, we reported that angiotensin II receptor blocker (ARB), valsartan, and calcium channel blocker (CCB), amlodipine, had similar effects on the prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD) events in diabetic hypertensive patients. We assessed the difference of cardiovascular protective effects between ARB and CCB in patients with and without previous CVD, respectively. A total of 1,150 Japanese diabetic hypertensive patients were randomized to either valsartan or amlodipine treatment arms, which were additionally divided into 2 groups according to the presence of previous CVD at baseline (without CVD, n = 818; with CVD, n = 332). The primary composite outcomes were sudden cardiac death, acute myocardial infarction, stroke, coronary revascularization, or hospitalization for heart failure. The incidence of primary end point events in patients with previous CVD was 3.5-times greater than that in patients without previous CVD (64.1 vs 17.9/1,000 person-years). The ARB- and the CCB-based treatment arms showed similar incidence of composite CVD events in both patients without previous CVD (hazard ratio [HR] 1.35, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.76 to 2.40) and those with previous CVD (HR 0.79, 95% CI 0.48 to 1.31). The ARB-treatment arm showed less incidence of stroke compared with the CCB-based treatment arm in patients with previous CVD (HR 0.24, 95% CI 0.05 to 1.11, p = 0.068), whereas the 2 treatment arms showed similar incidence of stroke in patients without previous CVD (HR 1.52, 95% CI 0.59 to 3.91). In conclusion, the ARB- and the CCB-based treatments exerted similar protective effects of CVD events regardless of the presence of previous CVD. For stroke events, the ARB may have more protective effects than the CCB in diabetic hypertensive patients with previous CVD.",
"Objective of the study was assessment of the usefulness of determination of noradrenaline (NA) and adrenaline (A) in urine and blood as well as the total methoxycatecholamines (MNA +MA), vanillylmandelic acid (VMA), DOPA and dopamine (DA) urinary excretion in diagnosis of pheochromocytoma. The experience based on 155 patients with pheochromocytoma (105F, 50M, age 18-82 yrs) diagnosed in the Department of Hypertension and Angiology Academy of Medicine in Warsaw will be discussed. In all patients excluding 2 cases pheochromocytoma has been proven histopathologically. The most considerable diagnostic usefulness of MNA + MA indication was proven. MNA + MA was increased in 96.6 patients. In 89.6% patients an increased excretion of NA and A or one of this catecholamines was demonstrated. An increased excretion of VMA was demonstrated in 75%. The excretion of DOPA and dopamine was tested in 120 cases. An increased excretion of DA was shown in 31% and DOPA in 16%.",
"The relative decrease of the size of pulmonary arteries in the inter-stage period (between bidirectional Glenn anastomosis and Fontan completion) and after Fontan completion may indicate that pulmonary artery sizes should probably not bean absolute limiting factor in the decision on treatment of functionally UVH patients, especially at the stage of Fontan approach.",
"The risk of acute chest syndrome is significantly associated with high systemic exposure to morphine and its active metabolite morphine-6-glucuronide after oral administration of slow-release morphine. Morphine may facilitate respiratory deterioration by eliciting a decrease in oxygen saturation, by inducing histamine release, or through an as-yet-unidentified mechanism. The safe systemic exposure to morphine in terms of area under the concentration-time curve should be further studied in children with sickle cell disease.",
"Bedaquiline is a new antituberculosis agent targeting ATP synthase. This randomized, double-blinded study enrolling 68 sputum smear-positive pulmonary tuberculosis patients evaluated the 14-day early bactericidal activity of daily doses of 100 mg, 200 mg, 300 mg, and 400 mg bedaquiline, preceded by loading doses of 200 mg, 400 mg, 500 mg, and 700 mg, respectively, on the first treatment day and 100 mg, 300 mg, 400 mg, and 500 mg on the second treatment day. All groups showed activity with a mean (standard deviation) daily fall in log10 CFU over 14 days of 0.040 (0.068), 0.056 (0.051), 0.077 (0.064), and 0.104 (0.077) in the 100-mg, 200-mg, 300-mg, and 400-mg groups, respectively. The linear trend for dose was significant (P = 0.001), and activity in the 400-mg dose group was greater than that in the 100-mg group (P = 0.014). All of the bedaquiline groups showed significant bactericidal activity that was continued to the end of the 14-day evaluation period. The finding of a linear trend for dose suggests that the highest dose compatible with safety considerations should be taken forward to longer-term clinical studies.",
"A total of 661 patients were enrolled and were followed for a median of 25 months. The median CD4+ T-cell count was 25 per cubic millimeter, and the median viral load was 5.64 log(10) copies per milliliter. The risk of death was significantly reduced in the group that received ART earlier, with 59 deaths among 332 patients (18%), as compared with 90 deaths among 329 patients (27%) in the later-ART group (hazard ratio, 0.62; 95% confidence interval [CI]; 0.44 to 0.86; P=0.006). The risk of tuberculosis-associated immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome was significantly increased in the earlier-ART group (hazard ratio, 2.51; 95% CI, 1.78 to 3.59; P<0.001). Irrespective of the study group, the median gain in the CD4+ T-cell count was 114 per cubic millimeter, and the viral load was undetectable at week 50 in 96.5% of the patients.",
"TAT was noninferior to DDAT with respect to the primary outcome, which occurred in 1.2% and 1.4% of patients, respectively (-0.22% absolute difference, 0.34% 1-sided 97.5% confidence interval, p = 0.0007 for noninferiority; hazard ratio: 0.85; 95% confidence interval: 0.49 to 1.48; p = 0.558 for superiority). The individual risks of cardiac death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, stroke, and PLATO major bleeding did not differ significantly between the 2 groups. There were no significant between-group differences in the treatment effect with regard to the rate of the primary outcome.",
"tEMD appears to be a feasible minimally invasive and effective treatment for patients with SETs originating from the MP layer of the esophagus and cardia.",
"These preliminary results suggest that transthoracic sonography is as effective as chest radiography in the detection of pneumothorax after transthoracic sonographically guided lung biopsy and may become the method of choice for excluding, diagnosing, and monitoring pneumothorax after transthoracic sonographically guided biopsy. Chest radiography may be needed only for assessment of the extent of pulmonary collapse after transthoracic sonographic diagnosis of pneumothorax or in the presence of discrepancy between transthoracic sonographic findings and clinical presentation.",
"Percutaneous closure of postinfarction ventricular septal defect is a reasonably effective treatment for these extremely high-risk patients. Mortality remains high, but patients who survive to discharge do well in the longer term.",
"Although this study cannot provide evidence for long-term benefit of EGCG supplementation in OAG, and the observed effect is small, the results suggest that EGCG might favourably influence inner retinal function in eyes with early to moderately advanced glaucomatous damage.",
"Smaller, local diagnostic centres that are accessible on foot registered more female than male TB suspects. More centralised facilities located further from homes, larger facilities and those with evening opening hours registered more male than female suspects.",
"Therapeutic, II.",
"Autologous fibrin sealant for reinforcement of the staple lines after lung volume reduction surgery significantly reduces prolonged air leak and duration of chest tube drainage.",
"Arrhythmias are highly prevalent after congenital heart surgery in adults and are associated with worse clinical outcome. Older and symptomatic patients with significant valvular heart disease at baseline are at risk of in-hospital arrhythmias.",
"null",
"Active tuberculosis (TB) among HIV-infected patients, even when successfully treated, may be associated with excess mortality. We conducted a prospective cohort study nested in a randomized TB vaccine trial to compare mortality between HIV-infected patients diagnosed and treated for TB (TB, n = 77) and HIV-infected patients within the same CD4 range, who were not diagnosed with or treated for active TB (non-TB, n = 308) in the period 2001-2008. Only twenty four subjects (6%) were on antiretroviral therapy at the beginning of this study. After accounting for covariate effects including use of antiretroviral therapy, isoniazid preventive therapy, and receipt of vaccine, we found a four-fold increase in mortality in TB patients compared with non-TB patients (adjusted Hazard Ratio 4.61; 95% Confidence Interval (CI): 1.63, 13.05). These findings suggest that treatment for TB alone is not sufficient to avert the excess mortality associated with HIV-related TB and that prevention of TB may provide a mortality benefit.",
"Travoprost BAK-free safely and effectively lowers IOP in eyes with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. This BAK-free formulation has comparable safety, efficacy, and duration of IOP-lowering effect to travoprost preserved with BAK. Travoprost BAK-free is an effective option for IOP reduction while avoiding BAK exposure.",
"There was significant geographical variation in aspirin dosing, with North American patients receiving high-dose aspirin more frequently than other countries (66% vs. 28%; p < 0.001). Clinical factors correlating with high-dose aspirin included previous percutaneous coronary intervention and use of aspirin before randomization. Characteristics associated with the use of low-dose aspirin included age ≥75 years, white race, and use of bivalirudin or a glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitor during coronary intervention. Regardless of low- or high-dose aspirin use, prasugrel had lower rates of the primary efficacy endpoint (cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or stroke [CVD/MI/stroke]) (hazard ratio [HR]CVD/MI/stroke = 0.78 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.64 to 0.95] and HRCVD/MI/stroke = 0.87 [95% CI 0.69 to 1.10], respectively; p value for interaction = 0.48) and higher rates of the primary safety endpoint (HR TIMI major bleeding = 1.40 [95% CI 0.81 to 2.42] and TIMImajor bleeding = 1.30 [95% CI 0.63 to 2.68], respectively; p value for interaction = 0.84) compared with clopidogrel.",
"This long-term observational study indicates that TAPSE and dilation of right-sided cardiac chambers are associated with an increased risk for MACE in patients with ARVC/D with advanced disease and a high risk for adverse events. However, FAC is the strongest echocardiographic predictor of adverse outcome in these patients. Our data advocate a role for transthoracic echocardiography in risk stratification in patients with ARVC/D, although our results may not be generalizable to lower-risk ARVC/D cohorts.",
"EUS-FNA is a safe, accurate, and minimally invasive modality for diagnosing the cause of abdominal lymphadenopathy. In highly endemic areas, tuberculosis is the most common cause.",
"The administration of β or renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system blockers is common in North America and Europe in patients with myocardial infarction and cardiogenic shock prior to cardiogenic shock resolution. This therapeutic practice was independently associated with higher 30-day mortality, although a statistically significant difference was only observed in the subgroup of patients administered β-blockers.",
"A significant number of patients admitted with their first MI were not screened for important modifiable risk factors. Opportunities for the prevention of coronary disease are being missed. More emphasis is needed on identifying risk factors before the development of acute coronary disease.",
"Genotypes of Mycobacterium tuberculosis (MTB) are related to the geographic origin of the patients and population migration. The relationship between genotypes of MTB and clinical presentations has mainly focused on transmission of multi-drug resistant MTB strain in population. This study aimed to investigate the molecular epidemiology and dynamic change of MTB genotypes in Taiwan, and their association with clinical presentation among patients with pulmonary tuberculosis. A multi-center, two-year study which enrolled 516 patients with 516 MTB isolates was conducted, including: (1) 254 isolates from northern Taiwan; (2) 38 isolates from mid-western Taiwan; (3) 211 isolates from southern Taiwan; and (4) 13 isolates from the east coast of Taiwan. The isolates were genotyped with spoligotyping and standardized 12-loci-MIRU-VNTR method. The results showed Beijing/Beijing-like family was the major genotype of MTB in the northern (58%), eastern (53%), and southern (33%) regions. The second most widely spread lineage were the EAI-Manila (20% in the west and south) and Haarlem family (13-27% in the south, west, and east). According to the cluster analysis of 12-MIRU-VNTR genotypes, there were differences in distribution of MTB genotype between the northern and southern regions, and a temporal relationship between isolation year and 12-MIRU-VNTR genotype especially in loci 26 and 39 might exist. Furthermore, some patients with cavity lesions on chest films were associated with a cluster of Beijing family MTB strains, which can be defined by cluster analysis of 12-MIRU-VNTR genotype. However, the results of 12-loci-MIRU-VNTR genotyping in a longitudinal study should be interpreted with caution due to its short term instability. Further investigations of different molecular methodologies are necessary.",
"Our study demonstrates that patients with type 2 diabetes have higher circulating levels of cyclophilin A than the normal population. Plasma cyclophilin levels were increased in patients with diabetes and coronary artery disease suggesting a role of this protein in accelerating vascular disease in type 2 diabetes. Considering the evidence that Cyclophilin A is an inflammatory mediator in atherogenesis, the mechanistic role of cyclophilin A in diabetic vascular disease progression deserves detailed investigation.",
"Patients with anaemia undergoing PPCI are at a higher risk of an adverse outcome. Anaemia is a simple and powerful marker of poor prognosis. Although anaemia (based on the WHO definitions) does not appear to be an independent predictor of all-cause mortality or major adverse cardiac events after PPCI on multivariate analysis, there appears to be a threshold value of Hb among men, below which there is an associated increased risk for PPCI.",
"Ad hoc PCI using DES appears to be feasible for angina patients at a relatively low risk of procedure. This approach may reasonably be performed with evaluation of objective ischaemia using non-invasive or invasive tests.",
"PATH Malaria Vaccine Initiative (MVI), GlaxoSmithKline.",
"Mutation-positive ARVD/C exhibits a previously unrecognized characteristic pattern of disease involving the basal inferior and anterior RV, and the posterolateral LV. The RV apex is only involved in advanced ARVD/C, typically as a part of global RV involvement. These results displace the RV apex from the Triangle of Dysplasia, and provide insights into the pathophysiology of ARVD/C.",
"In diabetic patients, the unrestricted use of EES appears to be associated with improved outcomes, specifically a significant decrease in the need for TLR and ST compared to early generation SES and PES throughout 3-year follow-up.",
"This study demonstrated the dose response-relationships of bepridil for AF conversion to sinus rhythm. However, the high rate of AF recurrence and substantial drug-related adverse effects, including sudden death, raised caution about using bepridil to treat persistent AF. The balance between benefits and risks of the drug should be individualized.",
"Considering that CVR was decreased but the baseline MFV was not changed in the posterior cerebral artery prior to the visual stimulation in migraineurs after propranolol treatment, we assume that the protective effect of propranolol was not due to the direct effect on the cerebral vessels but due to the modulation of the CVR to sensory stimulation through its action on central centers associated with autonomic vascular tone.",
"To read and to work out--either separately or jointly--does not pose an aggravating factor to the intraocular pressure of patients with primary open glaucoma or ocular hypertension, using prostaglandin, prostamide or beta-blocker analogues.",
"VAP-1 (vascular adhesion protein-1) possesses semicarbazide-sensitive amine oxidase (SSAO) activity. It has also been found that serum VAP-1 was elevated in acute and chronic hyperglycemia and in patients with diabetes as well as in chronic kidney disease. Renalase, with possible monoamine oxidase activity, which breaks down catecholamines such as SSAO, is expressed in the endothelium as well as in the kidney. The aim of the study was to assess serum VAP-1 levels in peritoneally dialyzed (PD) patients and factors explaining its variability. This pilot study was performed on 25 peritoneally dialyzed patients, including 4 patients with type 2 diabetes. We found that the mean VAP-1 was significantly higher in chronic ambulatory peritoneal dialysis (CAPD) patients when compared to the control group (p<0.05). Dopamine was significantly lower in PD patients when compared to the healthy volunteers (p<0.05), whereas noradrenaline was significantly higher in PD patients relative to the healthy volunteers (p<0.01). There was a significant difference in the VAP-1 concentration in the group with and without residual renal function (p<0.05) as well as between 10 patients with hyperglycemia when compared to patients with normoglycemia (p<0.05). There was no effect of gender on the serum VAP-1 levels. In PD patients VAP-1 correlated with systolic blood pressure (r=-0.4, p<005), residual renal function (r=-0.62, p<0.05), and glucose (=0.54, p<0.05). We concluded that VAP-1, elevated in patients on PD, was predominantly dependent on residual kidney function and glucose level, factors both linked to endothelial damage and cardiovascular complications.",
"null",
"The Unidas program promoted weight loss and improved dietary intake, as well as changes in diet-related involvement of participants' social networks. The results from this study demonstrate that interventions that draw upon multiple people who share a health-risk have the potential to foster significant changes in lifestyle behaviors and in social network members' health-related involvement. Future research that builds on these findings is needed to elucidate the specific dyadic and social network processes that may drive health behavior change.",
"null",
"This is the first prospective clinical trial to demonstrate that multimechanism therapy for migraine, combining a triptan and an antiemetic agent, is well tolerated and offers improved clinical benefits compared with monotherapy.",
"The current study is designed to compare the effectiveness of brushing the pleura vs. instillation of minocycline for the management of primary spontaneous pneumothorax, and to assess the sensitivity of echography in defining areas of defects. Blebectomy and pleurodesis were carried out thoracoscopically on 84 patients. In group A (42 patients), abrasions were induced using a sponge on a long ring forceps. Group B (42 patients) received intrapleural instillation of minocycline. Echography was carried out two weeks after discharge and then repeated two weeks later. Follow-up ranged between 28 and 39 months. Two patients were excluded from group A for incomplete follow-up. In group A, five patients (12%) showed areas of free mobility of the lung on first echography. At the second examination, three (7% of the total) showed the same areas of mobility; one patient developed an attack of localized pneumothorax after 32 and another after 45 weeks. Each had three adjacent areas of free mobility. In group B, two patients each showed one area of free mobility on the first and second examinations but no recurrence during follow-up. The two groups had comparable chest drainage, postoperative hospital stay and complication rates. The patients in group B demonstrated a trend towards a decreased rate of prolonged air leaks (2% vs. 5%; P=0.100). Thus, pleurodesis by instillation of minocycline as a part of thoracoscopy is more effective than brushing the pleura. Thoracic echography is a highly sensitive method for assessing the effectiveness of pleurodesis.",
"An open label, multi-center, 6 months observational study of new fixed combination (travoprost 0.004%/timolol 0.5%), in order to evaluate both efficacy (intraocular pressure lowering) and tolerability (patient and investigator satisfaction) of two dosing regimens--evening (PM) and morning (AM). After screening for enrollment, to 40 patients (79 eyes with primary open angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension), new fixed combination travoprost 0.004%/timolol 0.5% was prescribed once a day in the evening (PM). Patients were enrolled according to each investigator decision on indication for travoprost 0.004%/timolol 0.5% fixed combination once a day, without washout period after previous medication. Intraocular pressure was measured at 9 AM at all time control points: at baseline, after 1 month, after 3 months and after 6 month. After 1 month, screening for nonresponders (criteria: 20% intraocular pressure lowering) and subjects with major side effects was performed. At second control visit, after 3 months PM dosing, intraocular pressure was measured and patients were instructed to continue once a day the same medication, but in the morning (AM) for consequent 3 months. After 1 month, reduction in mean intraocular pressure value was 21.66%. At the visit after 3 month, the mean intraocular pressure was 15.67 +/- 2.17 mm Hg (reduction 21.14%). 3 month after dosing regimen changed to AM (6 month after beginning of travoprost 0.004%/timolol 0.5% combination therapy), reduction in intraocular pressure value was 19.86%. The differences (mean +/- standard deviation) in intraocular pressure values after 1, 3 and 6 month were all highly statistically significant compared to baseline values. The tolerability was evaluated in five steps (Likert scale) ranging from unsatisfactory to excellent by both patient and investigator--taken at 3 and 6 month control visit. 95% of patients and 100% of investigators were satisfied with the possibility of choosing dosing regimen for travoprost 0.004%/timolol 0.5% fixed combination. Travoprost 0.004%/timolol 0.5% fixed combination proved sufficient intraocular pressure control dosed either PM or AM with no statistically significant difference between two dosing regimens. Possibility to choose between two dosing regimens gives each practitioner additional reassurance that glaucoma therapy will be individualised to needs of each patient.",
"Recent evidence has shown that endocrine tumors are under an endocrine and an immune regulation, and that biotherapies with interferon or the long-acting somatostatin analog octreotide may be effective in the control of tumor growth and clinical symptomatology. Within the biotherapies of tumors, interleukin-2(IL-2) has appeared to play an essential role in the antitumor immune response. Despite its important antitumor role, very few studies have been carried out to investigate the possible use of IL-2 in the treatment of advanced endocrine tumors. Its potential toxicity would represent the main limiting factor for the clinical experiments with IL-2. Our previous studies have shown that the pineal hormone melatonin (MLT) may amplify the antitumor activity of IL-2, either through immunomodulating mechanisms or through a direct cytostatic activity by inhibiting tumor growth factor production. On this basis, we have performed a phase II pilot study with low-dose IL-2 plus MLT in 14 patients with untreatable endocrine tumors because of disseminated disease, lack of response to previous standard biotherapies or chemotherapies, or tumors for whom no effective therapy is available. Thyroid cancers, carcinoid and endodrine pancreatic tumors were the most frequent neoplasms. IL-2 was given at 3 million IU/day s.c. at 8 p.m. for 6 days/week for 4 weeks, corresponding to one cycle. MLT was given orally at 40 mg/day at 8 p.m. every day. In nonprogressed patients, a second cycle was given after a 21-day rest period. Patients were considered as evaluable when they received at least one complete cycle, and 12 patients were fully evaluable. According to WHO criteria, a partial response was achieved in 3/12 (25%) patients (carcinoid tumor: 1; neuroendocrine lung tumor: 1; pancreatic islet cell tumor: 1). Another patient with gastrinoma had a more than 50% reduction of tumor markers. Toxicity was low in all patients. This preliminary study suggests that low-dose IL-2 immunotherapy in association with the pineal hormone MLT may constitute a new well-tolerated and potentially active therapy of untreatable advanced endocrine tumors.",
"In this analysis, pharmacokinetic modelling suggests that pregnant women have accelerated DHA clearance compared to non-pregnant women receiving orally administered AS. These findings, in conjunction with a previous non-compartmental analysis of the modelled data, provide further evidence that higher AS doses would be required to maintain similar DHA levels in pregnant women as achieved in non-pregnant controls.",
"A large proportion of Brazilian patients treated with 1 IOP-lowering therapy had some ocular surface complaints.",
"The multiple genotypes are common found in Thailand and it might hide the real genotype. PvCSP does not have extensive genetic diversity in this study. However, PvMSP1 marker due to multiple genotypes is difficult to be analyzed. The multiple genotypes findings might stem from population migration and vector species findings.",
"Parameters of arterial stiffness and MACE rates were similar in patients with STEMI and NSTEMI in one year followup. The independent prognostic indicator aortic PWV may be an easy and reliable method for determining the risk of future events in patients hospitalized with acute MI.",
"Australia and New Zealand Clinical Trials Register (ANZCTR): ACTRN12609000989246.",
"null",
"Instituto de Salud Carlos III.",
"In this "real world" study of changes in therapy in patients prescribed initial monotherapy with latanoprost with BAK or travoprost-Z with SofZia, medication changes were common in both treatment groups but statistically significantly more frequent with travoprost-Z.",
"In a NVAF population being treated with warfarin, serum vitamin E predicted hemorrhagic events. Further study is necessary to see if the relationship between serum levels of vitamin E and bleeding is still maintained with the use of new anticoagulants.",
"The aim of study was to evaluate efficacy and safety of alpha, beta-arteether injection 150 mg/ml by performing a phase III, multicentre, open label, and single treatment study in patients with P falciparum malaria. A total of 145 patients with P falciparum malaria were screened to achieve patient pool of 101 subjects based on inclusion and exclusion criteria, from which 100 patients completed the study successfully. Mean cure rate was calculated as primary efficacy parameter, while mean parasite clearance time (hours) and mean fever clearance time (hours) were calculated as secondary efficacy parameters, to evaluate efficacy of alpha, beta-arteether injection 150 mg/ml. Safety evaluation was measured by observing and monitoring adverse events, clinical examination, assessment of vitals and haematology laboratory parameters. Statistical analysis was performed with 5% level of significance. Mean cure rate, mean parasite clearance time (hours) and mean fever clearance time (hours) were 99.01%, 24.72 +/- 0.41 hours and 46.86 +/- 0.97 hours respectively. A total of 6 patients were observed with pain at injection site out of 101 enrolled patients. There were no clinically significant vitals and haematology changes. There were no abnormal posttreatment values observed. The study confirmed that alpha, gamma-arteether injection 150 mg/ml is highly effective in treatment of P falciparum malaria.",
"Increased TWA and QTV are independent predictors of appropriate ICD therapy in MADIT-II patients with elevated heart rate at baseline.",
"This surgical series confirm the high efficacy of suggested guidelines. A significant preoperative detection rate of adrenal lesions presenting as incidentaloma is observed. The unnecessary number of adrenalectomies performed in understudied patients, causing higher morbidity, was not associated to a higher detection rate of primary adrenocortical cancer.",
"Dairy products have previously been reported to be associated with beneficial effects on body weight and metabolic risk markers. Moreover, primary data from the Diet, Obesity and Genes (DiOGenes) study indicate a weight-maintaining effect of a high-protein-low-glycaemic index diet. The objective of the present study was to examine putative associations between consumption of dairy proteins and changes in body weight and metabolic risk markers after weight loss in obese and overweight adults. Results were based on secondary analyses of data obtained from overweight and obese adults who completed the DiOGenes study. The study consisted of an 8-week weight-loss phase and a 6-month weight-maintenance (WM) phase, where the subjects were given five different diets varying in protein content and glycaemic index. In the present study, data obtained from all the subjects were pooled. Dairy protein intake was estimated from 3 d dietary records at two time points (week 4 and week 26) during the WM phase. Body weight and metabolic risk markers were determined at baseline (week -9 to -11) and before and at the end of the WM phase (week 0 and week 26). Overall, no significant associations were found between consumption of dairy proteins and changes in body weight and metabolic risk markers. However, dairy protein intake tended to be negatively associated with body weight gain (P=0·08; β=-0·17), but this was not persistent when controlled for total protein intake, which indicates that dairy protein adds no additional effect to the effect of total protein. Therefore, the present study does not report that dairy proteins are more favourable than other proteins for body weight regulation.",
"CTX alone provided adequate protection against malaria in HIV-infected pregnant women, although MQ-IPTp showed higher efficacy against placental infection. Although more frequently associated with dizziness and vomiting, MQ-IPTp may be an effective alternative given concerns about parasite resistance to CTX.",
"Among 657 patients enrolled in PARTNER who underwent treatment, there were 275 patients with diabetes (145 transcatheter, 130 surgical). There was a significant interaction between diabetes and treatment group for 1-year all-cause mortality (p = 0.048). Among diabetic patients, all-cause mortality at 1 year was 18.0% in the transcatheter group and 27.4% in the surgical group (hazard ratio: 0.60 [95% confidence interval: 0.36 to 0.99]; p = 0.04). Results were consistent among patients treated via transfemoral or transapical routes. In contrast, among nondiabetic patients, there was no significant difference in all-cause mortality at 1 year (p = 0.48). Among diabetic patients, the 1-year rates of stroke were similar between treatment groups (3.5% transcatheter vs. 3.5% surgery; p = 0.88), but the rate of renal failure requiring dialysis >30 days was lower in the transcatheter group (0% vs. 6.1%; p = 0.003).",
"The incidence of asymptomatic cerebral microthromboembolism and hemopericardium after AF ablation was significantly lower with perioperative warfarin therapy than with dabigatran therapy. Dabigatran may not be an effective alternative to warfarin for AF ablation, especially in patients who undergo cardioversion.",
"The 100 mg/day topiramate group demonstrated efficacy in the prevention of migraine in pediatric subjects. Overall, topiramate treatment was safe and well tolerated.",
"After thrombus aspiration, sIRA infusion of tirofiban does not improve myocardial reperfusion assessed by CTFC, as well as ischemic or bleeding events in this study.",
"Non-tuberculous bronchopulmonary infectious diseases accounted for a small percentage (13.5%) of the respiratory diseases in HIV/AIDS patients; most infections were found in patients with a CD4 lymphocyte count exceeding 300/mmc; of the clinical forms, acute tracheobronchitis and interstitial pneumonia were the most common; etiological treatment and favorable clinical-biological course were similar to immunocompetent hosts; pneumococci involved in the etiology of bacterial pneumonia in HIV/AIDS patients preserve the same sensitivity as in the seronegative patients.",
"We studied the effects of rapamycin on cultures of erythroid progenitors derived from the peripheral blood of 10 beta-thalassaemia patients differing widely with respect to their potential to produce foetal haemoglobin (HbF). For this, we employed the two-phase liquid culture procedure for growing erythroid progenitors, high performance liquid chromatography for analysis of HbF production and reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction for quantification of the accumulation of globin mRNAs. The results demonstrated that rapamycin induced an increase of HbF in cultures from all the beta-thalassaemia patients studied and an increase of their overall Hb content/cell. The inducing effect of rapamycin was restricted to gamma-globin mRNA accumulation, being only minor for beta-globin and none for alpha-globin mRNAs. The ability of rapamycin to preferentially increase gamma-globin mRNA content and production of HbF in erythroid precursor cells from beta-thalassaemia patients is of great importance as this agent (also known as sirolimus or rapamune) is already in clinical use as an anti-rejection agent following kidney transplantation. These data suggest that rapamycin warrants further evaluation as a potential therapeutic drug in beta-thalassaemia and sickle cell anaemia.",
"RGS was capable of localizing more and smaller metastases of MTC compared with conventional imaging modalities and surgical palpation. However, the relatively high radioligand accumulation in the kidneys ((111)In-pentetreotide) and the dense hepatic and biliary signals using MIBG limited their use for intraoperative detection of tumors in the area of the adrenal gland.",
"v_DIBH and ABC_DIBH are comparable in terms of positional reproducibility and normal tissue sparing. v_DIBH is preferred by patients and radiographers, takes less time to deliver, and is cheaper than ABC_DIBH.",
"Adherence to a MedDiet pattern of eating is associated with lower incidence of GDM and better degree of glucose tolerance, even in women without GDM. The possibility to use MedDiet for the prevention of GDM deserves further testing with intervention studies.",
"The new approach to the screening, based on a peer-to-peer communication followed by blood sampling on a voluntary basis provided valuable information to improve the healthcare system in each single prison.",
"In women with TMD and migraine, migraine significantly improved only when both conditions were treated. The best treatment choice for TMD pain in women with migraine is yet to be defined.",
"Adjunctive brinzolamide medication provided further IOP decrease in patients receiving evening-dosed travoprost/timolol fixed combination. The travoprost/timolol fixed combination was significantly more effective in IOP reduction than travoprost monotherapy, which by itself induced a significant IOP decrease compared to the untreated baseline value. The results of this open label study suggest that combined therapy with travoprost/timolol fixed combination and brinzolamide is clinically useful for IOP-lowering in primary open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension.",
"Overcoming antigenic variation is one of the major challenges in the development of an effective vaccine against Plasmodium falciparum, a causative agent of human malaria. Inclusion of multiple Ag variants in subunit vaccine candidates is one strategy that has aimed to overcome this problem for the leading blood-stage malaria vaccine targets, that is, merozoite surface protein 1 (MSP1) and apical membrane Ag 1 (AMA1). However, previous studies, utilizing malaria Ags, have concluded that inclusion of multiple allelic variants, encoding altered peptide ligands, in such a vaccine may be detrimental to both the priming and in vivo restimulation of Ag-experienced T cells. In this study, we analyze the T cell responses to two alleles of MSP1 and AMA1 induced by vaccination of malaria-naive adult volunteers with bivalent viral-vectored vaccine candidates. We show a significant bias to the 3D7/MAD20 allele compared with the Wellcome allele for the 33 kDa region of MSP1, but not for the 19 kDa fragment or the AMA1 Ag. Although this bias could be caused by "immune interference" at priming, the data do not support a significant role for "immune antagonism" during memory T cell restimulation, despite observation of the latter at a minimal epitope level in vitro. A lack of class I HLA epitopes in the Wellcome allele that are recognized by vaccinated volunteers may in fact contribute to the observed bias. We also show that controlled infection with 3D7 strain P. falciparum parasites neither boosts existing 3D7-specific T cell responses nor appears to "immune divert" cellular responses toward the Wellcome allele.",
"Nine patients with sickle cell disease (SCD) who were hospitalized at UC Davis Medical Center for vaso-occlusive crisis (VOC) were studied as part of a randomized double-blind phase III clinical trial to investigate the real-time effects of poloxamer 188 on VOC. All patients showed significant microvascular changes from normal (steady-state) values during VOC (diminished venular diameter and red cell velocity). The patients were randomly assigned to be treated with poloxamer 188 or placebo. Poloxamer 188 (n = 4) but not placebo (n = 5) significantly reversed these microvascular changes approximately 2 hours postinitiation of loading infusion (100 mg/kg in 1 hour). Further significant improvement induced by poloxamer 188 but not placebo was observed > or = 7 hours postinfusion, resulting in a significant reversal of the microvascular changes to steady-state values.",
"the findings of this uncontrolled study suggest good safety and efficacy of artemether-lumefantrine for treatment of uncomplicated falciparum malaria on Sumba Island in the Lesser Sundas archipelago of eastern Indonesia.",
"Along with the advancing age, there is an increase of the incidence of persistent and fixed atrial fibrillation, of the risk of thromboembolic complications and of the severity of cognitive function disturbances. Treatment with oral vitamin K antagonists was implemented much less frequently among patients with atrial fibrillation and cognitive function disturbances, as compared to the patients with normal cognitive function. The MMSE test should be routinely performed in patients with atrial fibrillation to monitor the efficacy and safety of the treatment with oral vitamin K antagonists properly. In patients with disturbances of cognitive function, significantly lower reportability of AF-related complaints was shown, as compared to individuals without these disturbances. Patients with normal MMSE result were referred to the hospital because AF-related symptoms, in the group of patients with MMSE < 23 the main reason for hospitalization was the severity of the symptoms heart failure. ECG should be a routine test performed in elderly patients with cognitive function disturbances or with dementia to detect atrial fibrillation.",
"Our research suggests that the adoption of HbA1C as a diagnostic criterion of prediabetes and diabetes in obese boys may help to identify early macrovascular complications.",
"Implantation of both LAA closure devices can be performed with high success rates in high-risk patients. Postprocedural 6 weeks antithrombotic therapy followed by aspirin therapy needs to be confirmed in a larger study.",
"The STS score outperforms the logistic EuroSCORE in predicting adverse outcomes following TAVI. The transapical approach is associated with higher perioperative mortality, but does not exert any influence on long-term prognosis beyond the periprocedural phase.",
"Our results displayed a higher efficacy of almotriptan in propranolol group and we hypothesized it may be due to a common mechanism of action at serotoninergic receptors.",
"In present matched study comparing a surgical with transcatheter PVI treatment strategy in symptomatic AF patients failed on AADs, but without prior ablations, a surgical PVI strategy was more effective to prevent recurrence of atrial arrhythmias, than a transcatheter PVI treatment strategy. However, complications were more frequent with surgical PVI.",
"We determined a positive correlation between MPV and Gensini and SYNTAX scores. Therefore, this simple haematology test can be used in determining cardiovascular disease burden besides other risk factors during routine clinical practice. For further information about this topic, large-scale studies are needed.",
"In spite of limitations due to small sample size, our data suggest that intensive cholesterol lowering therapy in AF patients may slow cognitive decline and atrophy of the MTL. Though these results have to be replicated in a larger sample, they offer potential for future interventions.",
"Rosuvastatin 10 mg was more effective than atorvastatin 10 mg in achieving NCEP ATP III LDL-C goals in patients with nondiabetic metabolic syndrome, especially in those with lower NCEP ATP III target level goals.",
"null",
"The PPB is easy to perform at a low cost. It permits the diagnosis of tuberculous and neoplastic pleurisy, particularly in low income countries with a high prevalence of TB/HIV.",
"In the SCD-HeFT (Sudden Cardiac Death in Heart Failure Trial) population, the distribution of life-threatening VA failed to show a typical early morning peak or increased VA events on Mondays. A typical early morning nadir was seen in the entire cohort. An increased rate of events on Mondays was found in the subgroup of subjects not on beta-blocker therapy. These findings may indicate suppression of the neurohormonal triggers for VA by current heart failure therapy, particularly the use of beta-blockers in heart failure.",
"The TST should ideally be performed with PPD-S and measured at 72 h with the ballpoint pen+ruler or palpation+ruler methods.",
"The TMD analyser has a potential utility in monitoring ICP in a variety of clinical circumstances.",
"Our study confirms a significant role of vitamin A and zinc in reducing malaria morbidity.",
"Among patients undergoing cardiac surgery, neither higher habitual circulating n-3 PUFA levels, nor achieved levels or changes following short-term fish oil supplementation are associated with risk of PoAF.",
"Cetiedil citrate is an antisickling agent shown to be effective in reducing the severity and duration of acute sickle cell crisis. With the use of a sensitive GC/MS assay, the pharmacokinetic profile of cetiedil was studied in normal men and in men with sickle cell anemia who were not in crisis at the time of study. A peak cetiedil concentration of 70 to 200 ng/ml was found immediately after a 30-minute drug infusion. The plasma level then gradually declined to approximately 10 ng/ml during a 3-hour distributive phase. Computer analysis of the data was most consistent with a three-compartment model. No pharmacokinetic differences were found between the normal men and the subjects with sickle cell. Because the cetiedil plasma levels achieved during this in vivo study are well below concentrations that exhibit antisickling activity in vitro, additional clinical studies will be necessary before an optimal dosing regimen can be established.",
"Controlled-Trials.com ISRCTN71619711.",
"Hydroxyurea therapy for infants with SCA is feasible and well tolerated, has hematologic efficacy, and may delay functional asplenia. The potential for hydroxyurea to preserve organ function in SCA should be further evaluated.",
"Cold autologous blood cardioplegic solution is superior to HTK and cold non-autologous blood cardioplegic solutions in preserving myocardial energy and reducing myocardial injury in infants with CCHD who undergo CPB, thus providing a better protective effect on the heart.",
"Pleural tuberculosis is an extra-pulmonary disease which poses a diagnostic dilemma. The detection of mycobacterial DNA by IS6110 polymerase chain reaction (PCR) in clinical samples is a promising approach for the rapid diagnosis of pleural tuberculosis infections. The aim of the present study is to evaluate the advantage of using IS6110 PCR for rapid detection of Mycobacterium tuberculosis (M. tuberculosis) from pleural fluid. 102 clinically suspected cases of pleural tuberculosis cases were enrolled from inwards and outwards of the Department of Pulmonary Medicine at Chattrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University, Lucknow from April 2007 to April 2010. The pleural fluids were processed at the Mycobacteriology Laboratory of Department of Microbiology at Sanjay Gandhi Postgraduate Institute of Medical Sciences, Lucknow, Pleural fluid samples were processed and examined by Ziehl Neelsen (ZN) staining for acid fast bacilli and detection of M. tuberculosis by BACTEC culture. We applied IS6110 PCR to detect specific M. tuberculosis complex in pleural fluid samples. We found a significant difference in sensitivity of different tests, acid fast bacilli were detected in 17 (16.6%) samples by ZN Staining , 47 (46.1%) by BACTEC culture and using IS6110 PCR, 62 (60.7%) were positive for IS6110 PCR for M. tuberculosis. We found IS6110 PCR was much more sensitive than ZN staining and BACTEC culture. IS6110 PCR detection of M. tuberculosis may be very useful in cases that are highly suspect as pleural tuberculosis and those that are negative for AFB and culture. IS6110 PCR may gain an immense prospective to better clinicians ability to improve diagnosis of pleural tuberculosis.",
"Corneal endothelial morphology showed a significant reduction of CD under therapy with BB compared to the no-treatment group. As this was not found on comparing individual medications, it could be a statistical phenomenon of larger counts and thus of secondary clinical concern. Significant differences of CCT were found with antiglaucomatous medications. When adjusting Goldmann tonometry with pachymetry this should be taken into account in order to prevent a misinterpretation of the therapeutic effects of locally applied eye drops.",
"Angiographic findings of SB, proximal MV stenosis, and clinical presentation are predictive of SB occlusion after MV stenting. Occlusion of sizable SB is associated with adverse clinical outcomes..",
"Cycloferon was used to treat newly diagnosed, recurrent and long-standing pulmonary TB. The dose of 7,5 g combined with antibacterial therapy caused no complications. The effectiveness of this therapy based on the generally-accepted criteria was significantly higher than standard treatment but varied depending on the character of pathological process. It is recommended to use cycloferon in the intense phase of the basal treatment.",
"The study showed the high efficacy of AL and AA in Nigerian children. In addition the study demonstrated the mobilisation of asexual parasites from the deep to the periphery in the early hours of commencing ACT treatment in a subset of patients in both study groups. It is unclear whether the early parasite dynamics discovered in this study play any role in the development of drug resistance and thus it is important to further evaluate this discovery. It may be useful for studies investigating delay in parasite clearance of artemisinin derivatives as a way of monitoring the development of resistance to artemisinin to assess the early effects of the drugs on the parasites.",
"Four patients (2 RIPC, 2 controls) were excluded due to missing samples of CK-MB. A total of 96 patients were analyzed; median area under the curve CK-MB was 8,814 (interquartile range [IQR]: 5,567 to 11,325) arbitrary units in the RIPC group and 10,065 (IQR: 7,465 to 14,004) arbitrary units in control subjects (relative reduction: 20%, 95% confidence interval: 0.2% to 28.7%; p = 0.043). Seventy-seven patients underwent a cardiac magnetic resonance scan 3 to 5 days after randomization, and 66 patients repeated a second scan after 4 months. T2-weighted edema volume was 37 ± 16 cc in RIPC patients and 47 ± 22 cc in control subjects (p = 0.049). ST-segment resolution >50% was 66% in RIPC and 37% in control subjects (p = 0.015). We observed no significant differences in TIMI frame count, myocardial blush grading, and delayed enhancement volume.",
"Although heart failure and hypertension are associated with AF progression, rhythm control is associated with lower risk of AF progression.",
"The results of this study suggest that in an area of moderately high malaria transmission, IST with SP or AS+AQ may be a safe and effective strategy for the control of malaria in pregnancy. However, it is important that these encouraging findings are confirmed in other geographical areas and that the impact of IST on placental malaria is investigated.",
"Addition of antibiotics to antimalarials did not lower adherence. However, caregivers should be adequately counseled to understand the dosing regimens; continue with medicines even when the child seems to improve; and re-administer doses that have been vomited.",
"null",
"This study was aimed at probing the effects of intensive cholesterol-lowering therapy with simvastatin on the large artery elasticity of acute myocardial infarction patients. A total of 72 cases of acute myocardial infarction patients were divided into a normocholesterol group (n = 37) and a hypercholesterol group (n = 35) according to their serum low-density lipoprotein. All patients were given oral simvastatin 40 mg/day for 6 months, and their pulse-wave velocity (PWV) of different artery segments and ankle-brachial index (ABI) were measured before and after the therapy. The low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level in both groups decreased significantly (2.13 +/- 0.32 vs 1.56 +/- 0.28, 3.43 +/- 0.80 vs 2.28 +/- 0.47 mmol/l, P < 0.01). The PWV of each artery segment in both the normocholesterol group and the hypercholesterol group decreased significantly (P < 0.05). Pulse-wave velocity in the hypercholesterol group was lowered much more than that of the normocholesterol group (P < 0.05). There were no differences among each artery segment in each group. Ankle-brachial index increased significantly in both groups (1.12 +/- 0.16 to 1.22 +/- 0.12, P < 0.05 in the normocholesterol group, and 1.03 +/- 0.22 to 1.23 +/- 0.16, P < 0.01 in the hypercholesterol group), but ABI increased much more in the hypercholesterol group than in the normocholesterol group (0.21 + 0.15 vs 0.11 + 0.09 P = 0.02). Intensive cholesterol-lowering therapy with simvastatin for acute myocardial infarction patients can significantly improve their large artery elasticity and regress their atherosclerosis. Hypercholesterol patients benefit more from this therapy.",
"LQTS patients at high risk for ventricular arrhythmias may develop short-lasting atrial arrhythmias under daily-life conditions, suggesting that prolonged atrial repolarization may contribute to the initiation of AF.",
"Differences in the preoperative preparation and intraoperative management were associated with differences in intraoperative hemodynamics but not with clinically significant outcomes in patients undergoing laparoscopic adrenalectomy for pheochromocytoma at 2 large tertiary care centers.",
"Our current finding suggests that in vivo, alpha-glucans have lost their efficacy to stimulate the immune response as observed in our in vitro mouse model.",
"Dorzolamide/timolol fixed combination increased blood flow significantly at the neuroretinal rim showing a combination of hypotensive and haemodynamic effects.",
"Through bound apolipoprotein A-I (apoA-I), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) activates endothelial nitric oxide synthase, inducing vasodilation. Because patients with sickle cell disease (SCD) have low apoA-I and endothelial dysfunction, we conducted a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial to test whether extended-release niacin (niacin-ER) increases apoA-I-containing HDL-C and improves vascular function in SCD. Twenty-seven patients with SCD with levels of HDL-C <39 mg/dl or apoA-I <99 mg/dl were randomized to 12 weeks of niacin-ER, increased in 500-mg increments to a maximum of 1,500 mg/day, or placebo. The primary outcome was the absolute change in HDL-C level after 12 weeks, with endothelial function assessed before and at the end of treatment. Niacin-ER-treated patients trended to greater increase in HDL-C level compared with placebo treatment at 12 weeks (5.1 ± 7.7 vs 0.9 ± 3.8 mg/dl, 1-tailed p = 0.07), associated with significantly greater improvements in the ratios of low-density lipoprotein to HDL-C levels (1.24 vs 1.95, p = 0.003) and apolipoprotein B to apoA-I levels (0.46 vs 0.58, p = 0.03) compared with placebo-treated patients. No improvements were detected in 3 independent vascular physiology assays of endothelial function. Thus, the relatively small changes in HDL-C levels achieved by the dose of niacin-ER used in our study are not associated with improved vascular function in patients with SCD with initially low levels of apoA-I or HDL-C.",
"Allitridi capsules significantly improve the clinical prognosis after PCI in CAD patients with DM. Its mechanism may lies in improved endothelial function and vascular inflammatory state.",
"Although associated with intense immediate chest pain, additional minocycline pleurodesis is a safe and convenient procedure that can reduce the rate of ipsilateral recurrence after thoracoscopic treatment for primary spontaneous pneumothorax.",
"Cardiovascular disease has emerged as a crescent problem among HIV-infected population. This study aimed to determine the 10-year risk of coronary heart disease using the Framingham risk score among HIV-infected patients from three regions of Brazil. This is a pooled analysis of three cohort studies, which enrolled 3,829 individuals, 59% were men, 66% had white skin color, and mean age 39.0 ± 9.9 years. Comparisons among regions showed that there were marked differences in demographic, socioeconomic, clinical, and HIV-related characteristics. Prevalence of Framingham score ≥10 was 4.5% in the Southern, 4.2% in the Midwest, and 3.9% in the Northeast of Brazil. The Framingham score ≥10 was similar between regions for males, patients aged ≥60 years, with obesity, central obesity, hypertension, and diabetes mellitus. Women were three times more likely to have coronary heart disease in 10 years than men. Hypertension and diabetes increased more than four times the risk of coronary heart disease, followed by central obesity, obesity, and prehypertension. The use of antiretroviral agents and time since HIV diagnosis were not risk factors for coronary artery disease in 10 years. In conclusion, hypertension and diabetes are the strongest independent predictors of 10-year risk of coronary heart disease among HIV-infected population.",
"The ACD of patients on prolonged therapy with prostaglandin analogues seems to be lower than than that of the control group. However, prospective long-term studies on large number of subjects are needed to evaluate the effect of each type of prostaglandin on ocular structures.",
"ISRCTN84408319.",
"Many patients with cervical SCI experience arrhythmias such as bradycardia, sinus node arrest, supraventricular tachycardia, and more rarely cardiac arrest the first month after SCI. Apart from sinus node arrests and limited bradycardia, no arrhythmias were seen in patients with thoracic SCI. Standard 12-lead ECGs will often miss the high prevalence these arrhythmias have.",
"Recurrent or chronic pneumothorax may be treated by thoracoscopy and the administration of substances to achieve a symphysis. Several substances have been tried and amongst these talc currently gives the best result. This study looked at the action of a fibrin adhesive (Tissucol) administered through a thoracoscope to achieve a pleural symphysis. 32 patients were treated, all suffering from recurrent pneumothoraces and a thoracoscopy was carried out under local anaesthetic using the standard technique, the Tissucol was spread over the apico-axillary region in a dose of 2 ml. After one year's follow up a success rate of 75% was noted. If category IV pneumothorax was excluded (bullous dystrophy) the percentage of favourable results was 35%. The painless nature of Tissucol applications was noted and this method thus gives satisfactory results in pneumothorax where there is no apparent bullous dystrophy and perhaps can be used as a therapeutic technique during a thoracoscopy where important bullous dystrophy is not noted as the cause of the pneumothorax.",
"There was statistically significant corneal endothelial cell loss in the operated eye after AGV implant surgery. The corneal endothelial cell loss increased with time: 15.3% at 12 months and 18.6% at 24 months after surgery, on average, in all measured areas.",
"null",
"MBT administered over the Internet appears feasible and effective in the treatment of migraine, but no effect of hand massage was found. For increased knowledge on long-term effects and the modes of action of the present MBT program, further studies are needed.",
"This study shows that the determination of target IOP is becoming increasingly important in the therapeutic decision and follow-up in the routine practice of French ophthalmologists.",
"In patients already receiving the latanoprost monotherapy, adding brinzolamide or timolol significantly reduced IOP during the diurnal period. However, only the brinzolamide add-on treatment had an IOP-lowering efficacy during the nocturnal period.",
"Elevations of troponin I and NT-proBNP are common in patients with AF and independently related to increased risks of stroke and mortality. Cardiac biomarkers seem useful for improving risk prediction in AF beyond currently used clinical variables.",
"We showed no significant reduction in cardiac-related resource utilization with remote monitoring of ICDs. However, given the small number of patients in our study, the real clinical and health economics impact of remote monitoring needs to be verified by a large, multicenter, randomized clinical trial.",
"IndiGO individualized clinical guidelines were successfully implemented in primary care and were associated with increases in the use of cardioprotective medications and reduction in the predicted risk of adverse events, suggesting that a larger trial could be warranted.",
"Spontaneous pneumothorax presents a high recurrence rate after conventional pleural drainage procedures. Different pleural scarifying agents are used in an attempt to prevent early and late recurrence. To investigate the effect of tetracycline and 30%-glucose, we conducted a randomized study on 20 patients with primary spontaneous pneumothorax: 10 patients were treated by pleural drainage combined with chemical pleurodesis; 10 patients were treated by pleural drainage alone. Chemical pleurodesis resulted in a statistically significant reduction (p less than 0.05) in early recurrence. The rate and magnitude of late recurrences however was unaffected by the pleurodesis treatment, although recurrence in the chemically treated group was later than in the conventional drainage group.",
"In this 4-year, open-label study in patients with primary open-angle glaucoma, dorzolamide 2% BID added to timolol 0.5% BID was associated with a significant reduction in IOP and significant increases in retrobulbar hemodynamic parameters in both the ophthalmic and short posterior ciliary arteries. Dorzolamide added to timolol may be effective in preventing progression of glaucomatous visual field damage.",
"Interventions suitable for resource-restricted settings need to be developed and tested to improve insulin preparation and administration, probably starting with education and providing information, especially infusion doses.",
"Clinically silent CCT are more prevalent than previously reported. With an adequate pre-surgical diagnosis and patient preparation, the prognosis of silent tumors is usually excellent.",
"Health care providers in the Northern Ethiopian regions of Tigray and Amhara identified many challenges to effectively preventing, diagnosing and treating TB. These challenges are complicated by severe resource constraints and challenges in attracting and retaining providers in government hospitals in centers outside Addis Ababa.",
"EI is safe for intravenous injection in human volunteers in the dose range of 0.3 to 64.6 mg/kg. At doses of 22.6 mg/kg or higher, EI produced rapid onset of unconsciousness in all volunteers followed by fast, predictable, and complete recovery.",
"Despite an inverse relationship between plasma n-3 PUFA levels and prevalent AF, this study found no evidence that 1 g daily n-3 PUFA supplementation in patients with chronic HF reduces incident AF.",
"According to our experience QFT-GIT represents an important advantage in the diagnosis of latent TB infection in chronic renal failure patients on PD. It may complement but not replace TST.",
"In subjects with hypercholesterolemia, the decrease of blood lipids improves visual field parameters. The major beneficial effect noted with pravastatin, compared to diet, suggests that this effect could be due to the lipid-lowering and pleiotropic actions.",
"Pyronaridine-artesunate efficacy in acute uncomplicated P. vivax malaria was at least that of chloroquine. As pyronaridine-artesunate is also efficacious against P. falciparum malaria, this combination has potential utility as a global antimalarial drug.",
"Our results showed that administration of 25-mg cinnarizine every 12 hours can significantly decrease headache duration (p ≤ 0.001) and headache frequency (p ≤ 0.001) in patients with migraine. These results suggest that cinnarizine may be an appropriate substitution for first-line migraine prophylaxis such as valproate.",
"The efficacy of iv cibenzoline for the termination of postoperative paroxysmal AF was significantly better than that of disopyramide, especially in patients with pre-administration of oral beta-adrenergic blockers and those with smaller left atrium.",
"Greater residual coronary lesions after PCI with "limus" drug-eluting stent, as quantified by the rSS and the clinical rSS, are associated with increased risk of adverse cardiac events.",
"Enhanced bacterial detection by simple modification of the Ziehl-Neelsen stain and an ESAT-6 intracellular stain improve the laboratory diagnosis of tuberculous meningitis.",
"Hepatic steatosis is associated with a greater intake of fat and fried foods, whereas visceral obesity is associated with increased consumption of sugar and reduced consumption of fiber in overweight and obese adolescents at risk of type 2 diabetes.",
"Common clinical and demographic factors can influence the quality of oral anticoagulation. We incorporated these factors into a simple score (SAMe-TT₂R₂) that can predict poor INR control and aid decision-making by identifying those patients with AF who would do well on VKA (SAMe-TT₂R₂ score = 0-1), or conversely, those who require additional interventions to achieve acceptable anticoagulation control (SAMe-TT₂R₂ score ≥ 2).",
"This study was registered in the JAPIC clinical trials registry (ID: Japic CTI-101349).",
"TLR rate at the LCx ostium is high irrespective of LMCA-LCx or LMCA-LAD stenting. The former also seems to be associated with high TLR at the LAD ostium. It may therefore be important to evaluate alternative strategies for treating distal LMCA disease that extends into the LCx but not LAD.",
"SLT enabled a reduction in medicine in controlled OAG over 12 months.",
"null",
"Antiviral treatment for HCV infection is associated with improved renal and cardiovascular outcomes in diabetic patients.",
"The VAS scale described here is a responsive and easy-to-use tool for evaluating treatment satisfaction and for monitoring changes to treatment if these are required.",
"The CES-D and AUDIT showed high discriminatory ability in measuring MINI-defined current MDD and AUD respectively. They are suitable mental health screening tools for use among TB and ART patients in primary care in Zambia.",
"The TExT-MED program did not result in a statistically significant improvement in Hb A1C. However, trends toward improvement in the primary outcome of Hb A1C and other secondary outcomes, including quality of life, were observed, the most pronounced being improved medication adherence. TExT-MED also decreased ED utilization. These findings were magnified in the Spanish-speaking subgroup. Technologies such as TExT-MED represent highly scalable, low-cost, and widely accessible solutions for safety-net ED populations.",
"The evaluation of quality of life using a questionnaire--Version 2 of the "SF-36 Health Survey" was performed in 144 patients with widespread pulmonary tuberculosis. The low level of "quality of life" was revealed in patients with pulmonary tuberculosis in comparison with healthy persons. It is caused by limiting physical activity, reducing the psychological component due to low vitality and mental health. By the end of the second month of chemotherapy, the changes are saved (PE, RP) and even exacerbated (RE, MN) in patients with MDR MBT. Combined therapy with Cycloferon improves physical activity of patients without MDR MBT. In this case, the mental health of the patient is perceived positively due to increasing the emotional activity, more expressed in patients without MDR MBT and minimization emotional problems related to the disease in patients with MDR MBT.",
"These results indicate the effects 1 mg of orally inhaled DHE on the cardiovascular system are less than with 1 mg of IV DHE, and that serial echocardiography can be a useful noninvasive means of assessing acute systemic effects.",
"To evaluate whether opioid receptor blockade might modulate sympathetic-adrenal activity, we studied the effects of placebo or naloxone administration on plasma catecholamine (CA) levels in a group of 13 normal subjects and 15 hypertensive patients suspected to have a pheochromocytoma. Diagnostic evaluation confirmed the presence of pheochromocytoma in 9 patients. Among these, 4 had a unilateral epinephrine (E)-secreting tumor, 3 had bilateral E-secreting tumors due to multiple endocrine adenomatosis type IIa, and 2 had a unilateral norepinephrine (NE)-secreting tumor. In each subject studied, CA secretion was evaluated by calculating the area (0-30 min) under the plasma hormone curves after placebo or naloxone administration. In normal subjects naloxone caused a significant increase (P less than 0.005) of E secretion, whereas NE did not change. Similarly, in the group of hypertensive patients, E secretion increased after naloxone (P less than 0.01). In pheochromocytoma patients naloxone caused a significant increase in E (P less than 0.05) and NE (P less than 0.01) secretion from E-producing tumors but no increase in the patients with NE-secreting pheochromocytomas. The study suggests that CA secretion from normal and pathological chromaffin tissue is modulated by endogenous opioids; this modulation seems particularly evident in patients with E-secreting pheochromocytoma.",
"Tamponade during AF ablation procedures is relatively rare. Women have an ≈2-fold higher risk for developing this complication. The risk of tamponade among women decreases substantially in high-volume centers. Surgical backup and acute management skills for treating tamponade are important in centers performing AF ablation.",
"In RE-LY, the efficacy and safety profiles of dabigatran for Japanese AF patients at high risk of stroke were essentially the same as for the study population overall.",
"Electroacupuncture at Lingtai (GV 10) and Shendao (GV 11) has specific clinical efficacy on premature heartbeat.",
"Cangrelor is an intravenous P2Y12 inhibitor under investigation as an antiplatelet drug in the setting of acute coronary syndromes. To determine the electrophysiologic safety of parenteral cangrelor, cardiac repolarization effects were measured in 67 healthy volunteers (aged 18-45 years) in a randomized crossover design, including 4 treatment sequences of therapeutic cangrelor, supratherapeutic cangrelor, placebo, and moxifloxacin (positive control). Triplicate electrocardiogram measurements and pharmacokinetic samples were collected at baseline and 9 time points postdose on day 1. For both cangrelor and moxifloxacin, time-matched, placebo-adjusted change in QT from baseline was evaluated using an individual (QTcI) heart rate correction. After cangrelor dosing, change in QTcI was <5 ms at all times points and all corresponding upper 2-sided 90% confidence intervals (CIs) were <10 ms. Although moxifloxacin failed to show a lower CI >5 ms, expected time trends and lower CI >4.0 ms demonstrate assay sensitivity. QTcI was not affected by plasma concentrations of cangrelor metabolites, and cangrelor had no other adverse effects on electrocardiographic parameters. Clinically, cangrelor exposure was well tolerated. Thus, this thorough QT study demonstrated that therapeutic and supratherapeutic cangrelor doses do not adversely affect cardiac repolarization in normal volunteers (clinicaltrials.gov; identifier NCT00699504).",
"This study adds further evidence to the relation between cardiovascular diseases and ozone exposure, showing an adverse effect on out-of-hospital coronary deaths, but not on hospitalized acute myocardial infarctions. Some susceptible subgroups, such as females, elderly, and patients affected by some chronic diseases, are likely to be at major risk.",
"Wellcome Trust and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.",
"Controlled-Trials.com ISRCTN57488577.",
"Patients with PCOS have prolonged Pmax and Pdis. The increase in those parameters may be an indicator for identification of patients at increased risk of atrial fibrillation.",
"The aim of the study was to compare the efficacy of travoprost 0.004% eye drops added to therapy with timolol 0.5%. The study included 40 patients (80 eyes) with open angle glaucoma and intraocular pressure (IOP) above 18 mm Hg treated with topical beta blocker (timolol 0.50% twice a day). Travoprost 0.004% was added to timolol 0.5% therapy once daily in the evening. Follow up examinations were scheduled at 7 days, one month and three months. IOP lowering was achieved in all patients. Substantial lowering of 2.42 mm Hg was achieved after the first week of treatment. Further lowering and stabilization of IOP was recorded at three months, with total IOP decrease of 3.97 mm Hg; the difference was statistically significant (chi2=6.7743; p<0.01). At three months, target IOP was recorded in 64 eyes (16.4+/-0.7 mm Hg) and failed to be achieved in 16 eyes (21.1+/-2.3 mm Hg). Mild hyperemia was found in two patients and discrete hyperemia in 26 patients. Burning sensation associated with the use of travoprost 0.004% eye drops was reported by 68 patients. In conclusion, the use of travoprost 0.004% eye drops resulted in successful lowering of IOP and achievement of target IOP.",
"Both treatments significantly reduced IOP as compared with baseline. Additionally, treatment with dorzolamide/timolol fixed combination seem to be effective in preventing glaucomatous visual field progression. This study has some limitations that should be noted, among them its open-label design.",
"We hypothesized that the response to cardiac resynchronization therapy with a defibrillator (CRT-D) in patients with mildly symptomatic heart failure (HF) is more favorable than the commonly referenced figure of 70%. This study involves the Multicenter Automatic Defibrillator Implantation Trial with Cardiac Resynchronization Therapy (MADIT-CRT) study population in which paired echocardiograms from baseline and 1-year follow-up were available in 621 implantable cardioverter-defibrillator-treated patients and 749 patients treated with CRT-D. We prespecified CRT-D responders as the patients who at 1-year follow-up had a reduction in left ventricular end-systolic volume (LVESV) that corresponded to the top (best) quintile of LVESV reduction in the implantable cardioverter-defibrillator-treated patients, that is, a ≥17% reduction in LVESV. Using this metric, 88% of patients treated with CRT-D and 91% of the patients treated with CRT-D with left bundle branch block (LBBB) were identified as cardiac resynchronization therapy responders. Landmark multivariate Cox model analyses revealed a significant interaction (p=0.038) involving LVESV (responders vs nonresponders) and LBBB (present vs not present) in risk reduction for HF or death. The interaction finding indicates that cardiac resynchronization therapy responders with LBBB have a significantly lower risk for HF or death (hazard ratio [HR] 0.24) than patients without LBBB (HR 0.62). In the patients treated with CRT-D, LVESV response was associated with reduction in the risk of death (HR 0.20, p<0.001). An increasing percent reduction in LVESV was associated with progressively lower rates of HF or death, a finding consistent with a dose-response relation. In conclusion, approximately 90% of CRT-D-treated patients in MADIT-CRT had a significant and meaningful reduction in LVESV, and these LVESV responders had reduced rates of cardiac events during long-term follow-up.",
"This study was funded by Angewandte Klinische Forschung, University of Tübingen (252-1-0).",
"Following 2 years of high-intensity statin therapy, a baseline coronary atheroma volume predicted MACE, despite the achievement of very low on-treatment LDL-C levels.",
"In patients who have undergone previous cardiac surgery, preexisting aortic wall pathology contributes to AAD with typical intimal damage at sites of mechanical trauma. The operative mortality was the highest in patients with previous CABG in comparison with patients with non-CABG procedures. Preoperative coronary angiography and operative management of native coronary and graft disease were significantly associated with outcome in patients with previous CABG.",
"We established a new field clone of Plasmodium falciparum for use in controlled human malaria infections and vaccine studies to complement the current small portfolio of P. falciparum strains, primarily based on NF54. The Cambodian clone NF135.C10 consistently produced gametocytes and generated substantial numbers of sporozoites in Anopheles mosquitoes and diverged from NF54 parasites by genetic markers. In a controlled human malaria infection trial, 3 of 5 volunteers challenged by mosquitoes infected with NF135.C10 and 4 of 5 challenged with NF54 developed parasitemia as detected with microscopy. The 2 strains induced similar clinical signs and symptoms as well as cellular immunological responses.",
"Painful episodes of vaso-occlusion are the leading cause of hospitalizations and emergency department visits in sickle cell disease, and are associated with increased mortality. Low nitric oxide bioavailability contributes to vasculopathy in sickle cell disease. Since arginine is the obligate substrate for nitric oxide production, and an acute deficiency is associated with pain, we hypothesized that arginine may be a beneficial treatment for pain related to sickle cell disease. Thirty-eight children with sickle cell disease hospitalized for 56 episodes of pain were randomized into this double-blinded placebo-controlled trial. Patients received L-arginine (100 mg/kg tid) or placebo for 5 days or until discharge. A significant reduction in total parenteral opioid use by 54% (1.9 ± 2.0 mg/kg versus 4.1 ± 4.1 mg/kg, P=0.02) and lower pain scores at discharge (1.9 ± 2.4 versus 3.9 ± 2.9, P=0.01) were observed in the treatment arm compared to the placebo one. There was no significant difference in hospital length of stay (4.1 ± 01.8 versus 4.8 ± 2.5 days, P=0.34), although a trend favored the arginine arm, and total opioid use was strongly correlated with the duration of the admission (r=0.86, P<0.0001). No drug-related adverse events were observed. Arginine therapy represents a novel intervention for painful vaso-occlusive episodes. A reduction of narcotic use by >50% is remarkable. Arginine is a safe and inexpensive intervention with narcotic-sparing effects that may be a beneficial adjunct to standard therapy for sickle cell-related pain in children. A large multi-center trial is warranted in order to confirm these observations.",
"We observed robust relationships between a single measurement of blood levels of GCD59 and both acute (2-hour OGTT) and chronic (HbA1c) measures of glucose handling. Lowering of GCD59 levels closely reflected lowering of average weekly glucose within 2 weeks. The role of GCD59 in the diagnosis, management, and vascular risk stratification in diabetes warrants further investigation.",
"Metformin does not interfere with the production of dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate. Besides, it decreases estradiol levels, basically through the reduction of testosterone. These hormonal changes might have clinical relevance.",
"After 6 months of therapy, the DTFC and latanoprost have clinically similar 24-hour IOP-lowering efficacies.",
"null",
"Our data suggest that repeated detection of GADA and IA-2A are necessary for differential diagnosis of autoimmune diabetes and the indirect prediction of the β cell function in Chinese patients.",
"A randomized controlled trial of warfarin use in hemodialysis patients with atrial fibrillation would clarify the risks and benefits of warfarin use in this population.",
"Dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine is being increasingly used as a first-line artemisinin combination treatment for malaria. The aim of this study was to describe the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties of piperaquine in 236 children with uncomplicated falciparum malaria in Burkina Faso. They received a standard body weight-based oral 3-day fixed-dose dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine regimen. Capillary plasma concentration-time profiles were characterized using nonlinear mixed-effects modeling. The population pharmacokinetics of piperaquine were described accurately by a two-transit-compartment absorption model and a three-compartment distribution model. Body weight was a significant covariate affecting clearance and volume parameters. The individually predicted day 7 capillary plasma concentration of piperaquine was an important predictor (P < 0.0001) of recurrent malaria infection after treatment. Young children (2-5 years of age) received a significantly higher body weight-normalized dose than older children (P = 0.025) but had significantly lower day 7 piperaquine concentrations (P = 0.024) and total piperaquine exposures (P = 0.021), suggesting that an increased dose regimen for young children should be evaluated.",
"The efficacy and safety of m-[131I]iodobenzylguanidine ([131I]MIBG) were assessed in 15 patients with malignant pheochromocytomas in a nonrandomized, single arm trial, in which patients were treated with [131I]MIBG (SA, 740 megabequerel/mg) every 3 months. Seven of these patients had bone and soft tissue metastases, 4 had only soft metastases, and 4 had only bone metastases. The follow-up period ranged from 6-54 months; the number of doses ranged from 2-11, with 2.9 (78.4 mCi) to 9.25 gigabequerel (GBq) (250 mCi)/administration and a cumulative activity from 11.1-85.90 GBq (300-2322 mCi). The absorbed cumulative dose in tumors ranged from 12-155 Gy. A beneficial effect of the treatment was observed in 9 patients (60%). No complete remission of the disease was observed. Seven patients died during the study, among whom 4 never responded to the treatment. Seven had hormonal responses (4 complete and 3 partial), with a duration ranging from 5-48 months. Among these patients, 4 relapsed, and 3 died within 3 months. Five patients had partial tumoral responses mainly located in soft tissues and for a duration ranging from 29-54 months. All patients with a hormonal response had objective improvement in clinical status and blood pressure. There was no clear-cut relationship between the cumulative dose and the responses. The main side-effect observed in 1 patient with widespread bone metastases after three doses (12.9 GBq) was a pancytopenia, which resolved after treatment was discontinued. This study suggests that repeated [131I]MIBG treatment could be effective in patients with advanced malignant pheochromocytoma.",
"Adjunctive dexamethasone appears to improve the probability of survival in patients with TBM, until at least two years of follow-up. We could not demonstrate a five-year survival benefit of dexamethasone treatment which may be confined to patients with grade 1 TBM.",
"AF patients satisfying the Guidelines' criteria for adequate rate control did not have higher oxygen uptake or report better QoL than AF patients not satisfying the criteria.",
"Frequency and torment caused by migraines direct patients toward a variety of remedies. Few studies to date have proposed ginger derivates for migraine relief. This study aims to evaluate the efficacy of ginger in the ablation of common migraine attack in comparison to sumatriptan therapy. In this double-blinded randomized clinical trial, 100 patients who had acute migraine without aura were randomly allocated to receive either ginger powder or sumatriptan. Time of headache onset, its severity, time interval from headache beginning to taking drug and patient self-estimation about response for five subsequent migraine attacks were recorded by patients. Patients(,) satisfaction from treatment efficacy and their willingness to continue it was also evaluated after 1 month following intervention. Two hours after using either drug, mean headaches severity decreased significantly. Efficacy of ginger powder and sumatriptan was similar. Clinical adverse effects of ginger powder were less than sumatriptan. Patients' satisfaction and willingness to continue did not differ. The effectiveness of ginger powder in the treatment of common migraine attacks is statistically comparable to sumatriptan. Ginger also poses a better side effect profile than sumatriptan.",
"This thorough QT/QTc study was a negative study in accordance with the ICH E14 guideline, meaning that nalmefene has no clinically relevant effect on the QTc interval and T-wave morphology. The study predicts no concern over proarrhythmia or need for intensive QTc monitoring with the use of nalmefene in clinical practice.",
"Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ACTR number: ACTRN12610000035022).",
"Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.",
"The aim of this study was to asses the clinical features, pattern of healthcare and drug utilization of migraine patients attending 10 Italian headache centres (HC). Migraine is underdiagnosed and undertreated everywhere throughout the world, despite its considerable burden. Migraine sufferers often deal with their problem alone using self-prescribing drugs, whereas triptans are used by a small proportion of patients. All patients attending for the first time 10 Italian HCs over a 3-month period were screened for migraine. Migraine patients underwent a structured direct interview about previous migraine diagnosis, comorbidity, headache treatments and their side-effects and healthcare utilization for migraine. Patient satisfaction with their usual therapy for the migraine attack was evaluated with the Migraine-Assessment of Current Therapy (ACT) questionnaire. The quality of life of migraine patients was assessed by mean of Short Form (SF)-12 and Migraine-Specific Quality of life (MSQ) version 2.1 questionnaires. Of the 2675 patients who attended HCs for the first time during the study period, 71% received a diagnosis of migraine and the first 953 subjects completed the study out of 1025 patients enrolled. Only 26.8% of migraine patients had a previous diagnosis of migraine; 62.4% of them visited their general practitioner (GP) in the last year, 38.2% saw a specialist for headache, 23% attended an Emergency Department and 4.5% were admitted to hospital for migraine; 82.8% of patients used non-specific drugs for migraine attacks, whereas 17.2% used triptans and only 4.8% used a preventive migraine medication. Triptans were used by 46.4% of patients with a previous diagnosis of migraine. About 80% of migraine patients took over-the-counter medications. The Migraine-ACT revealed that 60% of patients needed a change in their treatment of migraine attacks, 85% of whom took non-specific drugs. Both the MSQ version 2.1 and the SF-12 questionnaires indicated a poor quality of life of most patients. Migraine represents the prevalent headache diagnosis in Italian HCs. Migraine is still underdiagnosed in Italy and migraine patients receive a suboptimal medical approach in our country, despite the healthcare utilization of migraine subjects being noteworthy. A cooperative network involving GPs, neurologists and headache specialists is strongly desirable in order to improve long-term migraine management in Italy.",
"Despite the important role of fluoroquinolones and the predominant use of ofloxacin for treating multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in South Africa, there are limited data on ofloxacin pharmacokinetics in patients with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis, no ofloxacin pharmacokinetic data from South African patients, and no direct assessment of the relationship between ofloxacin pharmacokinetics and the MIC of ofloxacin of patient isolates. Our objectives are to describe ofloxacin pharmacokinetics in South African patients being treated for multidrug-resistant tuberculosis and assess the adequacy of ofloxacin drug exposure with respect to the probability of pharmacodynamic target attainment (area under the time curve/MIC ratio of at least 100). Sixty-five patients with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis were recruited from 2 hospitals in South Africa. We determined the ofloxacin MICs for the Mycobacterium tuberculosis isolates from baseline sputum specimens. Patients received daily doses of 800 mg ofloxacin, in addition to other antitubercular drugs. Patients underwent pharmacokinetic sampling at steady state. NONMEM was used for data analysis. The population pharmacokinetics of ofloxacin in this study has been adequately described. The probability of target attainment expectation in the study population was 0.45. Doubling the dose to 1,600 mg could increase this to only 0.77. The currently recommended ofloxacin dose appeared inadequate for the majority of this study population. Studies to assess the tolerability of higher doses are warranted. Alternatively, ofloxacin should be replaced with more potent fluoroquinolones.",
"This study highlights the heterogeneity of standards of care within Europe. A consensus discussion at European level is desirable to foster a standardized management of imported falciparum malaria.",
"Despite concern about increased operative times and morbidity associated with pheochromocytoma, our experience supports that laparoscopic adrenalectomy may be performed as safely as, and achieve outcomes similar to, those for other diseases.",
"Despite the small size and short duration of this study, there was a decrease in platelet activation biomarkers and a trend toward decreased pain.",
"MediGuide™, a new nonfluoroscopic catheter tracking system, is associated with more than a 50 % reduction in fluoroscopic time when compared to conventional mapping systems.",
"Appropriate spectacle correction can be prescribed to patients with DME any time during ongoing therapy using antiedematous substances because resolution of retinal thickening is not associated with an increased risk of a myopic shift.",
"The alarm documentation by neonatal intensive care unit staff does not appear to be sufficiently accurate to permit further understanding and treatment of AOP. It is unclear if the alarms missed here would have led to clinical consequences had they been documented.",
"The presence of migraine in children and adolescents aged 6 to 18 years was associated with a history of infantile colic. Additional longitudinal studies are required.",
"Analysis and statistical processing of data shows that during the period of the study, 69 patients, which received oral anticoagulant therapy associated with different other medication belonged to the 60 and 80 years age group. The findings suggests the pathology is represented especially by atrial fibrillation and cerebral ischemic diseases. The correlation between the therapy consisting in OAC and amiodaronum or statines drugs association and International Normalized Ratio (INR), revealed a high level of anticoagulation and an increase of hemorragic complications.",
"Our results suggest augmented retrobulbar blood flow after 5 years of treatment with dorzolamide but not with brinzolamide, each added to timolol, in POAG patients.",
"Fifty-five patients who underwent fluoroscopically guided needle aspiration lung biopsy were randomly assigned to one of two postbiopsy treatment groups: Patients were placed recumbent with puncture site either down (n = 36) or up (n = 19) for at least 1 hour. No significant difference in pneumothorax rate was seen between the two groups. Chest tube placement, however, was required in 21% (four of 19) of the puncture-site-up group versus 3% (one of 36) of the puncture-site-down group, which was a significant difference (P = .04). Puncture-site-down postbiopsy positioning reduces the proportion of patients requiring chest tube placement after lung biopsy.",
"The PLAATO system is safe and effective. At 5-year follow-up the annualized stroke/TIA rate in our patients was 3.8%/year, less than predicted by the CHADS(2) scoring system.",
"Residual post-TAVR AR is predicted by reduced aortic annular deformity, higher annular calcification, and prosthesis undersizing. Pre-TAVR 4-dimensional annular assessment aids in prediction of post-TAVR AR.",
"Although risk factor profiles in patients presenting with first MI have shown improvements over time, the changes are modest.",
"This audit aims to compare UK management of tuberculosis (TB)/HIV co-infection with recommended practice and to describe local care arrangements. Services providing HIV care were invited to complete a survey of care arrangements and to review case notes of HIV positive patients aged over 16 who started therapy for active TB between October 2007 and April 2008. Corresponding TB services, if separate, were invited to complete a similar survey. Responses were received from 124 of 170 HIV services, and 18 corresponding TB services. Data were obtained for 236 coinfected patients. Despite some incomplete data, this audit yielded useful findings. Many positive smear results were unacceptably delayed. The TB therapy completion rate fell short of the chief medical officer's (CMO's) 85% target. Culture confirmation of pulmonary TB met the CMO's 65% target. A high number of patients were diagnosed with HIV during investigation of TB. Contrary to current guidelines, many services do not routinely test TB patients for HIV.",
"We conclude that in elderly AF patients treated with OAC, intensive cholesterol-lowering therapy (atorvastatin 40 mg/day and ezetimibe 10 mg/day) is well tolerated. No increased risk in bleeding was found.",
"There is evidence that some antidepressant drugs are beneficial in the prophylaxis of migraine. Previous reports have shown that migraine patients may respond to various antidepressant agents used for prophylactic therapy. The main purpose of this study was to compare the efficacy of antidepressants from 2 different groups (venlafaxine vs escitalopram) on people who had migraine headache without depression or anxiety. In this prospective study, we evaluated the headache diaries of 93 patients who were being treated with venlafaxine (n = 35) and escitalopram (n = 58). At the end of the 3-month period, patients were reassessed, and those with marked differences in attack frequency, duration, intensity (with visual analog scales), lost work-day equivalent index, and migraine disability assessment questionnaire were compared. There was a clear reduction in headache frequency (P < 0.0001), duration (P < 0.0001), and severity (P < 0.0001) in the venlafaxine group. In addition, there was a significant improvement in daily work performance during headaches (P < 0.0001). In the escitalopram group, monthly headache frequency (P < 0.026), duration (P < 0.002), and intensity (P < 0.027) all decreased significantly, although not to the same extent as with venlafaxine. After the third month of venlafaxine and escitalopram treatment, most of the patients (82.8% vs 96.5%) were seen to have moved to the minimal or infrequent migraine disability assessment group. According to our findings, venlafaxine and escitalopram are both effective in the prophylaxis of migraine headache without depression and anxiety. This effect was independent of mood disorder. Escitalopram should be the first choice because of its fewer side effects, but venlafaxine may be used if escitalopram is found to be insufficient.",
"Meldonium (Idrinol) was effective when parenterally administered in a dose of 1000 mg/day for 10-14 days as part of combination therapy in the early post-infarction period, which showed up as clinical improvement, a significant reduction in the frequency of angina attacks and in the need to use nitroglycerin, a decrease in the number of arrhythmia episodes, and its normalizing effect of HRV.",
"We developed, implemented, and evaluated a myocardial infarction (MI) adjudication protocol for cohort research of human immunodeficiency virus. Potential events were identified through the centralized Centers for AIDS Research Network of Integrated Clinical Systems data repository using MI diagnoses and/or cardiac enzyme laboratory results (1995-2012). Sites assembled de-identified packets, including physician notes and results from electrocardiograms, procedures, and laboratory tests. Information pertaining to the specific antiretroviral medications used was redacted for blinded review. Two experts reviewed each packet, and a third review was conducted if discrepancies occurred. Reviewers categorized probable/definite MIs as primary or secondary and identified secondary causes of MIs. The positive predictive value and sensitivity for each identification/ascertainment method were calculated. Of the 1,119 potential events that were adjudicated, 294 (26%) were definite/probable MIs. Almost as many secondary (48%) as primary (52%) MIs occurred, often as the result of sepsis or cocaine use. Of the patients with adjudicated definite/probable MIs, 78% had elevated troponin concentrations (positive predictive value = 57%, 95% confidence interval: 52, 62); however, only 44% had clinical diagnoses of MI (positive predictive value = 45%, 95% confidence interval: 39, 51). We found that central adjudication is crucial and that clinical diagnoses alone are insufficient for ascertainment of MI. Over half of the events ultimately determined to be MIs were not identified by clinical diagnoses. Adjudication protocols used in traditional cardiovascular disease cohorts facilitate cross-cohort comparisons but do not address issues such as identifying secondary MIs that may be common in persons with human immunodeficiency virus.",
"Glycemic control in India is poor and this has resulted in a high prevalence of complications. This emphasizes the fact that effective control of T2DM is urgently needed to prevent or reduce the risk of developing the complications of diabetes in Indian T2DM patients.",
"Our review identified a distinct pattern of pneumothorax-associated fibroblastic lesions in a subset of cases of spontaneous pneumothorax. Whether this is related to the pathogenesis of the pneumothorax remains to be elucidated.",
"Among patients with AF undergoing catheter ablation, atrial tissue fibrosis estimated by delayed enhancement MRI was independently associated with likelihood of recurrent arrhythmia. The clinical implications of this association warrant further investigation.",
"Hypocupremia occurred in an adult with sickle cell anemia who received zinc as an antisickling agent for two years. The hypocupremia was associated with microcytosis and relative neutropenia. Administration of copper resulted in an increase in RBC size and leukocyte counts. We have since observed hypoceruloplasminemia of varying degrees in several other sickle cell anemia patients who were receiving oral zinc therapy. This complication was easily corrected by copper supplementation.",
"The present study represents an important snapshot of demographics, comorbidities, risk factors and anticoagulation management about patients with recent onset AF. Disparities were noted in anticoagulation management, suggesting that this is still a main problem among patients with AF.",
"This project was funded by the NIHR Health Technology Assessment programme and will be published in full in Health Technology Assessment; Vol. 17, No. 15. See the HTA programme website for further project information.",
"Menthol solution can be an efficacious, safe and tolerable therapeutic option for the abortive treatment of migraine.",
"The study sought nurse's perspectives with regard to a recently terminated programme designed to provide care to people with diabetes. It identified areas that worked well in programme implementation and those that could be improved. These findings provide useful information for funders and planners developing new programmes designed to support people with diabetes.",
"The hazard ratio for death at 90 days in the cisatracurium group, as compared with the placebo group, was 0.68 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.48 to 0.98; P=0.04), after adjustment for both the baseline PaO2:FIO2 and plateau pressure and the Simplified Acute Physiology II score. The crude 90-day mortality was 31.6% (95% CI, 25.2 to 38.8) in the cisatracurium group and 40.7% (95% CI, 33.5 to 48.4) in the placebo group (P=0.08). Mortality at 28 days was 23.7% (95% CI, 18.1 to 30.5) with cisatracurium and 33.3% (95% CI, 26.5 to 40.9) with placebo (P=0.05). The rate of ICU-acquired paresis did not differ significantly between the two groups.",
"This analysis strengthens the conclusions drawn from the two individual phase 3 studies showing that, in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension, BBFC had significantly superior IOP-lowering activity compared with either brinzolamide or brimonidine alone and a safety profile consistent with that of its individual components.",
"Novel EGM signal analysis techniques reveal that ibutilide administration causes increased complexity in the atrial electrical activation pattern with decreasing rate. These findings may be explained by the progressive destabilization of higher frequency, more homogeneous primary drivers of AF over the course of ibutilide administration, and/or less uniform propagation of atrial activation, until AF maintenance becomes more difficult and either transforms to atrial tachycardia or terminates to SR.",
"The St Jude Medical Trifecta valve is a unique pericardial bioprosthesis with design elements that provide excellent hemodynamic performance while providing ease of implantation. Long-term follow-up continues to confirm the promising results of this innovative bioprosthesis.",
"null",
"Cardiovascular magnetic resonance (CMR) and hepatic magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) have become reliable noninvasive tools to monitor iron excess in thalassemia major (TM) patients. However, long-term studies are lacking. We reviewed CMR and hepatic MRI T2* imaging on 54 TM patients who had three or more annual measurements. They were managed on various chelation regimens. Patients were grouped according to their degree of cardiac siderosis: severe (T2*, <10 msec), mild to moderate (T2* = 10-20 msec), and no cardiac siderosis (T2*, >20 msec). We looked at the change in cardiac T2*, liver iron concentration (LIC) and left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) at years 3 and 5. In patients with severe cardiac siderosis, cardiac T2* (mean ± SD) improved from 6.9 ± 1.6 at baseline to 13.6 ± 10.0 by year 5, mean ΔT2* = 6.7 (P = 0.04). Change in cardiac T2* at year 3 was not significant in the severe group. Patients with mild to moderate cardiac siderosis had mean cardiac T2* of 14.6 ± 2.9 at baseline which improved to 26.3 ± 9.5 by year 3, mean ΔT2* =  1.7 (P = 0.01). At baseline, median LICs (mg/g dry weight) in patients with severe, mild-moderate, and no cardiac siderosis were 3.6, 2.8, and 3.3, whereas LVEFs (mean ± SD) (%) were 56.3 ± 10.1, 60 ± 5, and 66 ± 7.6, respectively. No significant correlation was noted between Δ cardiac T2* and Δ LIC, Δ cardiac T2*, and Δ LVEF at years 3 and 5. Throughout the observation period, patients with no cardiac siderosis maintained their cardiac T2* above 20 msec. The majority of patients with cardiac siderosis improve cardiac T2* over time with optimal chelation.",
"In conclusion, this study demonstrates that this new approach, proposed in the Appendix (A1.1), appears easy to apply and should improve the diagnostic standard of ICHD-II in young patients too.",
"Atypical clinical symptoms of STEMI are common and severe among elderly patients in EDs. Thus, rapid provision of an electrocardiogram to all elderly patients admitted to the ED is essential, even in the absence of cardiovascular symptoms.",
"Achieving high levels of adherence to each and all guideline-recommended post-MI secondary prevention medication is associated with improved event-free survival. Lower levels of adherence appear less protective.",
"Several randomized controlled trials and observational studies have compared outcomes of percutaneous coronary interventions (PCIs) with drug-eluting stents (DESs) and coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG), but they have not thoroughly investigated the relative difference in outcomes for patients aged ≥75 years. In this study, a total of 3,864 patients receiving DES and CABG (1,932 CABG-DES pairs) with multivessel coronary disease were propensity matched using multiple patient risk factors and were compared with respect to 3 outcomes (mortality, stroke/myocardial infarction [MI]/mortality, and repeat revascularization) at 2.5 years with a mean follow-up of 18 months. The mortality rates (DES/CABG hazard ratio 1.06, 95% confidence interval 0.87 to 1.30) and the stroke/MI/mortality rates (DES/CABG hazard ratio 1.15, 95% confidence interval 0.97 to 1.38) for the 2 procedures were not significantly different. Repeat revascularization rates were significantly higher for patients who received DESs. In conclusion, older patients experienced similar mortality and stroke/MI/mortality rates for CABG and PCI with DES, although repeat revascularization rates were higher for patients undergoing PCI with DES.",
"The high prevalence of SBI among this cohort of young patients with mechanical heart valves is alarming and calls for urgent efforts to improve the quality of anticoagulation.",
"null",
"RESEARCH is the first prospective, parallel-group, multicenter study comparing a double dose of strong statin with ezetimibe plus strong statin for T2DM patients. The RESEARCH study will provide reliable evidence with which to establish a clinical strategy for diabetics who fail to achieve the target LDL-C value.",
"LED-FM compared favourably with ZN, with a higher smear-positive detection rate, a shorter examination time and lower unit examination cost. LED-FM may be an alternative to ZN as a cost-effective method for detecting bacilli in peripheral laboratories in China.",
"Tracheal wall thickening was associated with granulation tissue formation around silicone stents in patients with post-tuberculosis tracheal stenosis.",
"This trial may be the first to demonstrate the anti-inflammatory and anti-ischemic effects of methotrexate in patients with acute myocardial infarction.",
"This study suggests that both BTFC and the unfixed components of brimonidine and timolol provide a significant 24-h IOP reduction from untreated baseline, and statistically equal control when compared directly, at each time point and for the 24-h pressure curve.",
"In large academic centres in Germany, the preferred CV method is electrical, mainly due to its easy access and to its higher success rate for the initial restoration of sinus rhythm. Considering the limitations of the open-label, non-randomised study design, overall short-term success rates appeared higher after ECV compared to PCV during hospitalisation, but not after 60 days.",
"The association between scleritis and infectious disease may be higher than previously reported by other series. Herpes viruses account for 7% of all scleritis cases and its diagnosis may be challenging when there is not a classically diagnostic clinical picture. We present the observed clinical features of herpetic scleritis and describe the clinical differences at presentation between patients with idiopathic scleritis and those with herpes infection.",
"Sclerostin might participate in the pathogenesis of bone loss of type 2 diabetes. The high sclerostin level might serve as a marker of increased osteocyte activity in postmenopausal patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus.",
"Compliance for latent TB screening is low among HCWs in northeastern Israel. Providing detailed information about latent TB was not associated with increased test compliance. Understanding existing disparities in screening rates and potential barriers to latent TB screening among HCWs is important in order to move forward and successfully increase screening rates.",
"In North Sumatera, Indonesia, AAQ and DHP, both combined with PQ, were effective for blood-stage parasite clearance of uncomplicated P. vivax malaria. Both treatments were safe, but DHP + PQ was better tolerated.",
"Soft-tissue sarcomas are rare tumours of mesenchymal origin. Patients with metastatic disease have a median survival of about 10 months. Doxorubicin, an anthracycline, is often used to reduce tumour volume, but it does not prolong overall survival. Pazopanib, a multiple tyrosine kinase inhibitor already marketed for kidney cancer, is now licensed for the treatment of certain metastatic soft-tissue sarcomas when chemotherapy fails or when the disease progresses despite adjuvant or neoadjuvant therapy. Clinical evaluation of pazopanib in this setting is based on a double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled trial in 369 patients whose tumours had progressed despite at least one line of chemotherapy, based on an anthracycline. In this trial, pazopanib did not provide a statistically significant increase in overall survival. The median survival time was about 12 months. A statistically significant increase in median progression-free survival was observed (4.6 versus 1.6 months, an increase of 3 months), based mainly on radiological criteria. Pazopanib did not improve quality of life. The adverse effect profile includes cardiovascular, gastrointestinal and hepatic disorders, and palmoplantar erythrodysaesthesia. Serious adverse effects are frequent. Other life-threatening adverse effects observed in patients with soft-tissue sarcoma include pneumothorax (especially in case of pulmonary metastasis), heart failure, venous thrombosis, pulmonary embolism and hypothyroidism. In practice, given its lack of any proven impact on overall survival and its excessive toxicity, the use of pazopanib is not justified. It is better to focus on appropriate symptomatic care in order to preserve these patients' quality of life.",
"Patients with SDHD-associated head-and-neck paragangliomas (HNP) are at risk for developing pheochromocytomas for which screening has been advised. To assess clinical, biochemical, and radiological outcomes of screening in a large single-center cohort of SDHD-positive patients with HNP and to address the necessity for repetitive follow-up, we evaluated 93 patients with SDHD-associated HNP (p.Asp92Tyr, p.Leu139Pro). Screening consisted of measurement of 24 h urinary excretion of catecholamines and/or their metabolites in duplicate, which was repeated with intervals of 2 years if initial biochemical screening was negative. In patients, in whom urinary excretion was above the reference limit, imaging studies with (123)I-MIBG (metaiodobenzylguanidine) scintigraphy and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and/or computed tomography (CT) were performed. Pheochromocytomas and extra-adrenal paragangliomas were treated surgically after appropriate blockade. Median follow-up was 4.5 years (range 0.5-19.5 years). Twenty-eight out of the 93 patients were included in our study and underwent additional imaging for pheochromocytomas/extra-adrenal paragangliomas. In 11 out of the 28 patients intra-adrenal pheochromocytomas were found. Extra-adrenal paragangliomas were discovered in eight patients. These tumors were detected during initial screening in 63% of cases, whereas 37% were detected after repeated biochemical screening. One patient was diagnosed with a biochemically silent pheochromocytoma. The high prevalence of pheochromocytomas/extra-adrenal paragangliomas in patients with SDHD-associated HNP warrants regular screening for tumors in these patients. Paragangliomas that do not secrete catecholamines might be more prevalent than previously reported. Future studies will have to establish whether routine imaging studies should be included in the screening of SDHD mutation carriers, irrespective of biochemical screening.",
"Redo AF ablation was substantially more effective than AAD in reducing the progression and prevalence of AF after the failure of an initial ablation.",
"In an international multicenter trial infants with clinical and radiological signs of severe RDS (age 2-15 h, birthweight 700-2,000 g, mechanical ventilation, FiO2 greater than or equal to 0.6, no complicating disease) were randomized to receive either a single dose (n = 176) or up to three subsequent doses (n = 167) of a natural porcine surfactant (Curosurf). Using a logistic regression model, the effects of therapy, birthweight, sex, hospital and other clinical factors on survival and various outcome parameters were evaluated. Mortality (13 vs. 21%, p less than 0.05) and the incidence of pneumothorax (9 vs. 18%, p less than 0.01) were significantly lower in the multiple-dose group. Low birthweight, hospital allocation, low Apgar score and initial disease severity were associated with an increased mortality. Low birthweight, hypothermia (admission temperature less than 36 degrees C) and acidosis (pH less than 7.25) prior to surfactant treatment could be identified as risk factors for the development of intracranial hemorrhage.",
"Almotriptan 12.5 mg was efficacious in providing 2-hour pain free, 2-hour pain relief, SPF, and reducing rescue medication use irrespective of the presence of AAS at the time of treatment. The most optimal efficacy outcomes occurred when patients treated migraine attacks early and before the onset of severe pain. The presence of AAS, which may indicate an early phase of allodynia, did not influence the efficacy of almotriptan therapy.",
"In NTG patients, LA reduced IOP more effectively than the beta tested.",
"GBPS, both with MHI and QBS software, exhibited significant correlations with CMR for evaluation of the RV (volumes and decreased RVEF estimation). Among TTE's parameters, only FAC and MPI-TDI showed significant correlation with CMR with RVEF ≤ 45%.",
"Treatment with orlistat plus a reduced calorie diet for 6 months achieved significant reductions in weight, BMI and lipid parameters.",
"This study suggests that iron deficiency anaemia is an important problem in Indian sickle cell anaemia patients and iron supplementation should be given only in proven cases of iron deficiency anaemia.",
"Days to positivity in automated liquid mycobacterial culture have been shown to correlate with mycobacterial load and have been proposed as a useful biomarker for treatment responses in tuberculosis. However, there is currently no quantitative method or model to analyze the change in days to positivity with time on treatment. The objectives of this study were to describe the decline in numbers of mycobacteria in sputum collected once weekly for 8 weeks from patients on treatment for tuberculosis using days to positivity in liquid culture. One hundred forty-four patients with smear-positive pulmonary tuberculosis were recruited from a tuberculosis clinic in Cape Town, South Africa. A nonlinear mixed-effects repeated-time-to-event modeling approach was used to analyze the time-to-positivity data. A biexponential model described the decline in the estimated number of bacteria in patients' sputum samples, while a logistic model with a lag time described the growth of the bacteria in liquid culture. At baseline, the estimated number of rapidly killed bacteria is typically 41 times higher than that of those that are killed slowly. The time to kill half of the rapidly killed bacteria was about 1.8 days, while it was 39 days for slowly killed bacteria. Patients with lung cavitation had higher bacterial loads than patients without lung cavitation. The model successfully described the increase in days to positivity as treatment progressed, differentiating between bacteria that are killed rapidly and those that are killed slowly. Our model can be used to analyze similar data from studies testing new drug regimens.",
"Although it has been shown that elevated white blood cell count (WBCc) on presentation is associated with an increased risk of cardiac mortality in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI), the responsible mechanisms are unknown. We therefore sought to investigate whether elevated WBCc is associated with increased infarct size measured with cardiac magnetic resonance imaging 30 days after primary percutaneous coronary intervention in the Intracoronary Abciximab and Aspiration Thrombectomy in Patients With Large Anterior Myocardial Infarction trial. INFUSE AMI randomized patients with STEMI and proximal or mid-left anterior descending coronary artery occlusion to bolus intracoronary abciximab versus no abciximab and to manual aspiration versus no aspiration. WBCc at hospital admission was available in 407 of 452 randomized patients. Patients were stratified according to tertiles of WBCc. At 30 days, a significant stepwise increase in infarct size (percentage of total left ventricular mass) was apparent across tertiles of increasing WBCc (median [interquartile range] for tertiles I vs II vs III = 11.2% [3.8% to 19.6%] vs 17.5% [0.5% to 22.9%] vs 19.1% [13.7 to 26.0], respectively, p <0.0001). Absolute infarct mass in grams and abnormal wall motion score were also significantly increased across tertiles of WBC. By multivariate linear regression analysis, WBCc was an independent predictor of infarct size along with intracoronary abciximab randomization, age, time from symptom onset to first device, proximal left anterior descending location, and baseline TIMI flow of 0/1. In conclusion, in patients with anterior wall STEMI, an elevated admission WBCc is a powerful independent predictor of infarct size measured with cardiac magnetic resonance imaging 30 days after primary percutaneous coronary intervention.",
"In present matched study comparing a surgical with transcatheter PVI treatment strategy in symptomatic AF patients failed on AADs, but without prior ablations, a surgical PVI strategy was more effective to prevent recurrence of atrial arrhythmias, than a transcatheter PVI treatment strategy. However, complications were more frequent with surgical PVI.",
"Prophylactic high-dose oral-NAC begun 2 days before open heart surgery and continued for 5 days, and had no significant effect on the incidence of POAF, in-hospital stay, and postoperative morbidity or mortality.",
"Earlier results may have overestimated the driving response in migraine due to inclusion of recordings during the preictal interval and/or habituation among controls. Abnormal photic driving may be related to the pathophysiology of clinical sensory hypersensitivity.",
"Out of 235 patients discharged from the Department of Thoracic Surgery, Silesian Medical Academy, after treatment of primary spontaneous pneumothorax between 1981 and 1993, 232 (98.7%) answered our questionnaire and so were included in the study. Mean follow-up time was 10.4 years. No recurrence of the disease was reported by any of 79 patients who had been treated by surgical procedure/thoracotomy plus pleurectomy/, but 21 (14.3%) out of 147 treated by paracentesis reported a recurrence of pneumothorax. In 17 patients the recurrence was the first-time case, in 3 the second-time, in 1 the third-time. Out of 232 patients, 10 (4.3%) had a recurrence of pneumothorax on the opposite side. Achieving expansion of the lung, 80% of the patients reported no problems at all. Only 6 (2.6%) of the whole group stated they could no longer work in their profession because of the pneumothorax they had suffered in the past.",
"MSCs as an adjunct therapy are safe and can now be explored further for the treatment of patients with MDR or XDR tuberculosis in combination with standard drug regimens. Adjunct treatment with MSCs needs to be evaluated in controlled phase 2 trials to assess effects on immune responses and clinical and microbiological outcomes.",
"Xpert could greatly reduce the frequency and impact of unnecessary empiric treatment, contact investigation, and housing, providing substantial patient and programmatic benefits if used in management decisions.",
"In contrast to our earlier study, ACS+ patients had similar FE(NO) values when compared with ACS- and HC patients. All SCD patients were arginine deficient at baseline and showed impairment in respiratory physiology when compared with HC patients. After arginine supplementation, FE(NO) concentration increased in all groups to a similar degree, and lung function and physiologic parameters were minimally affected. The physiologic significance of alterations in FE(NO) in SCD patients and its relationship to ACS predilection requires further delineation.",
"The differences in hs-cTnT and NT-proBNP between healthy individuals from the US and Vietnam are small. Previously derived reference intervals for both analytes may be applied in Asian populations.",
"The correlation between plasma D-dimer level and reperfusion has not been clarified yet in thrombolytic therapy applied for acute myocardial infarction patients. The aim of this study was to investigate whether there is a relationship between reperfusion and fibrinolytic activity in acute myocardial infarction patients treated with thrombolytic therapy. Fibrinolytic activity was reflected by plasma D-dimer levels. During the study period, 186 patients were initially analyzed. But 18 of these patients were excluded from the study because they were not suitable for study criteria. Blood was collected from 168 acute myocardial infarction patients within first 6 h. Intravenous tissue plasminogen activator (100 mg) or streptokinase (1,500,000 U) was applied to patients. Mean age of the patients was 58 (28-86) years and majority was men (86%). The number of anterior, inferior, and lateral myocardial infarction patients were 76 (45.2%), 85 (50.6%), and seven (4.2%), respectively. The mean time from symptom onset to thrombolytic application was 134 (95-212) min. Reperfusion occurred in 115 (68.5%) patients. D-dimer levels were markedly high after thrombolytic therapy versus before (155 mg/dl, 362 mg/dl, P<0.005). We compared the D-dimer values before and after thrombolytic therapy between reperfused group and the nonreperfused group (189-409 mg/l in reperfused group, P=0.086; 82-258 mg/l in the nonreperfused group, P=0.173). In conclusion, in this study, D-dimer levels were elevated markedly in patients with ST elevation myocardial infarction after thrombolytic therapy, but no significant difference was seen in D-dimer levels between the reperfused and nonreperfused groups.",
"Compared to latanoprost monotherapy, TTFC therapy significantly reduced IOP and decreased the heart rate in the patient cohort. No differences were found in terms of patients' impressions.",
"There was no benefit of a single-dose of levamisole hydrochloride as adjuvant to intravenous artesunate in the treatment of adults with severe falciparum malaria. Rapid parasite killing by intravenous artesunate might obscure the effects of levamisole.",
"Incisional negative pressure wound therapy appears to reduce surgical site infection in open colorectal surgery. Further study may be helpful to identify patient populations who would have the greatest benefit from this technique(see Video, Supplemental Digital Content 1, http://links.lww.com/DCR/A115).",
"Our results suggest that oral administration of BCACs may be a safe and promising supplement for patients with OAG in addition to antiglaucoma medication.",
"Our results indicate a modulating action of topiramate on cortical processing of sensorial stimuli, mainly regarding the sensory-discriminative component of pain, elaborated by SII, without a significant effect on the affective dimension of pain, in which the ACC has an important role.",
"Pediatric drug formulations of artemisinin combination therapies are urgently needed for improving the treatment of children suffering from uncomplicated malaria. The aim of this clinical trial was to evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of a novel pediatric fixed-dose granule formulation of artesunate-mefloquine and a new co-blister tablet formulation. A total of 71 children aged 1-13 years suffering from uncomplicated falciparum malaria were stratified into two groups according to weight: 10-20 kg, pediatric group (n = 41); 20-40 kg, tablet group (n = 30). All the children were treated once daily for three days: the pediatric group received the novel granule formulation, the tablet group received the co-blister tablets. The PCR-corrected cure rate on day 28 was evaluated. There was no reappearance of parasitemia during the follow-up period and the day-28 cure rate was therefore 100% in per-protocol analysis. In intention-to-treat analysis the cure rates were 95% in the pediatric group and 97% in the tablet group. The most frequent adverse events were vomiting (17%), abdominal pain (11%) and headache (17%). This study confirms the excellent efficacy and favorable safety and tolerability profile of a novel pediatric artesunate-mefloquine formulation for treatment in African children.",
"Frequent episodes of sedative-induced SDB may have a diagnostic value for SAS in patients with AF.",
"The study concludes that currently no algorithm is deemed clearly better than others. There is scope for further algorithmic developments in LA fibrosis and scar quantification from LGE CMR images. Benchmarking of future scar segmentation algorithms is thus important. The proposed benchmarking framework is made available as open-source and new participants can evaluate their algorithms via a web-based interface.",
"In children with hypoplastic left heart syndrome after BCPA, the coaptation length of the anterior and septal leaflets of the TV improved concomitantly with vena contracta width and RV end-diastolic area despite unchanged tricuspid regurgitation grade. This suggests that favorable RV and TV remodeling accompanies the reduction in RV volume load following BCPA. ",
"Previously, we have documented primary testicular failure in adult male subjects with sickle cell anemia. We have also reported the occurrence of zinc deficiency and suggested that androgen deficiency may be related to zinc deficiency in such patients. In this study, we present data with respect to the efferent of oral zinc supplementation on serum testosterone levels in adult male patients with sickle cell anemia. An increase in serum testosterone, neutrophil zinc, and neutrophil alkaline phosphatase activity ws observed in the zinc-supplemented group in comparison with the group on placebo. Additionally, body weight increased and serum lactic dehydrogenase activity decrease in response to zinc supplementation. We conclude that androgen deficiency in adult male subjects with sickle cell anemia is correctable with zinc supplementation and that the determination of neutrophil zinc and alkaline phosphatase activity in the neutrophils may be utilized as good indicators of body zinc status in such subjects.",
"In vitro, diclofenac produced no statistically significant effect on IKr. Significant, non-dose-dependent effects were observed in the presence of HPβCD or HPβCD-diclofenac of similar magnitude across the 300-fold dose range of concentrations tested, suggesting an artifact due to the detergent effect of HPβCD in this in vitro model. In vivo, neither HPβCD-diclofenac dose resulted in QTc prolongation ≥2 ms (≥5 ms is the threshold of clinical concern). No correlation was evident between changes in QTc and plasma concentrations of diclofenac or HPβCD. Confirming study sensitivity, moxifloxacin produced a mean QTc prolongation >10 ms.",
"",
"Obesity and diabetes are highly prevalent in Type I and II ECs, especially in AA. DM was associated with worse RFS and OS in Type I EC. Neither DM nor BMI was associated with outcomes in Type II or HG EC.",
"Preterm infants who were making expiratory efforts against ventilator inflation were randomised to be paralysed with pancuronium or to receive no paralysing agent during ventilation. Pneumothoraces developed in all 11 unparalysed babies but in only 1 of 11 (p less than 0.0004) of those managed with pancuronium, which had no serious side-effects. In 34 infants excluded from the trial because they were not breathing against the ventilator, no pneumothoraces developed.",
"With no important differences in morbidity, the OPTICC pilot lays the foundation for a future definitive trial comparing drainage or observation in posttraumatic OPTXs requiring PPV.",
"This study shows that spectral powers of FHR variability change as a fetus becomes hypoxic, and that spectral powers decrease with deepening fetal acidemia.",
"Catheter ablation is more efficacious than AADs for preventing VPB recurrence in patients with frequent VPBs originating from the RVOT. QS morphology in lead I was associated with better outcome after ablation.",
"More administration of NIF indicates higher terminating rate of VT and more QTd prolongation. However, the safety is acceptable if several important issues were noticed in using NIF, such as serum potassium concentration, stopping side-effect related agents, and carefully observing clinical responses.",
"Patients with "difficult to treat" AF exhibit more concurrent AF sources in more widespread biatrial distributions than other patients. These mechanisms explain the disappointing results of PV isolation, and how FIRM can identify patient-specific AF sources to enable successful ablation in this population.",
"The IV estimates of treatment effect may vary considerably depending on the IV definition. Choosing the strongest IV could reduce the variance of the IV estimates.",
"It appears that patients with LV dysfunction, but without viable myocardium, may also benefit from myocardial revascularisation. Functional recovery continuously occurs throughout the first year after surgical treatment.",
"The rate of anticoagulant use in the elderly with AF was 37% and considering the reason of this situation was the medication not being prescribed by the physician, one should pay more attention particularly in the field of treatment.",
"The World Health Organization has recommended collaborative activities between TB and HIV programmes with routine counseling and testing for HIV among TB patients in order to improve the uptake of HIV services. We carried out qualitative research interviews with 21 TB patients in four selected TB and HIV/AIDS treatment centres in the Northwest Region of Cameroon to explore the facilitators and barriers to HIV testing. The desire to be healthy and live longer from knowing one's status inspired by the anticipated support from loved ones, faith in a supreme being, influence and trust in the medical authority, encouraged HIV testing. Men also demonstrated their masculinity by testing, thus portraying themselves as positive role models for other men. Meanwhile, the overwhelming burden of facing both TB and HIV simultaneously, influenced by the fear of disclosure of results, harmful gender norms and practices, fear of stigma and discrimination, and misconceptions surrounding HIV/AIDS deterred HIV testing. However, as a result of conflicting emotional experiences regarding to test or not to test, the decision-making process was not straightforward and this complex process needs to be acknowledged by health care providers when advocating for routine HIV testing among TB patients.",
"Artemisinin resistance has emerged along the Thai-Cambodian border. The potentially devastating implications of spreading resistance to a drug that currently has no successor call for further studies of this emerging problem.",
"The clinical spectrum of intracranial hemorrhage was similar for patients given warfarin and dabigatran. Absolute rates at all sites and both fatal and traumatic intracranial hemorrhages were lower with dabigatran than with warfarin. Concomitant aspirin use was the most important modifiable independent risk factor for intracranial hemorrhage.",
"No new or inconsistent safety/tolerability findings were discovered during longer-term evaluation.",
"Calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) is a potent neuropeptide whose agonist interaction with the CGRP receptor (CGRP-R) in the periphery promotes vasodilation, neurogenic inflammation and trigeminovascular sensory activation. This process is implicated in the cause of migraine headaches, and CGRP-R antagonists in clinical development have proven effective in treating migraine-related pain in humans. CGRP-R is expressed on blood vessel smooth muscle and sensory trigeminal neurons and fibers in the periphery as well as in the central nervous system. However, it is not clear what role the inhibition of central CGRP-R plays in migraine pain relief. To this end, the CGRP-R positron emission tomography (PET) tracer [(11)C]MK-4232 (2-[(8R)-8-(3,5-difluorophenyl)-6,8-[6-(11)C]dimethyl-10-oxo-6,9-diazaspiro[4.5]decan-9-yl]-N-[(2R)-2'-oxospiro[1,3-dihydroindene-2,3'-1H-pyrrolo[2,3-b]pyridine]-5-yl]acetamide) was discovered and developed for use in clinical PET studies. In rhesus monkeys and humans, [(11)C]MK-4232 displayed rapid brain uptake and a regional brain distribution consistent with the known distribution of CGRP-R. Monkey PET studies with [(11)C]MK-4232 after intravenous dosing with CGRP-R antagonists validated the ability of [(11)C]MK-4232 to detect changes in CGRP-R occupancy in proportion to drug plasma concentration. Application of [(11)C]MK-4232 in human PET studies revealed that telcagepant achieved only low receptor occupancy at an efficacious dose (140 mg PO). Therefore, it is unlikely that antagonism of central CGRP-R is required for migraine efficacy. However, it is not known whether high central CGRP-R antagonism may provide additional therapeutic benefit.",
"The GARFIELD registry will describe how therapeutic strategies, patient care, and clinical outcomes evolve over time. This study will provide UK-specific comprehensive data that will allow a range of evaluations both at a national level and in relation to global data and contribute to a better understanding of AF management in the UK.",
"Controlling malaria in pregnancy has been an important component of the millennium development goal and intermittent preventive treatment (IPT) is considered an important tool in controlling malaria among pregnant women. In this study, we evaluated the level of compliance to IPT use as well as its effect on malaria infection among pregnant women attending antenatal clinic in south eastern Nigeria. Peripheral blood smears and placental histology were used as diagnostic tools to determine infection rate. Our data show that compliance to IPT use was poor (33%) when compared with non-compliance (67%). Infection rate was significantly lower among IPT users (39%) than in non-users (71%) (X(2) = 39·95; P<0·05). Maternal anaemia was also lower in IPT users (4%) than in non-users (18%). Taken together, IPT use appears to be important in reducing infection rate and maternal anaemia. Therefore, its adoption is highly recommended and this could be improved through public enlightenment campaign and adequate funding.",
"Perioperative nutrition support can effectively control blood glucose and improve perioperative nutritional status simultaneously for esophageal cancer patients with diabetes mellitus. Compared with parenteral nutrition, enteral nutrition can accelerate the recovery of gastric bowel function and reduce the cost of nutritional support.",
"In middle-income countries where ART is initiated at CD4 count of <350 cells per cubic millimeter, immediate initiation of ART in HIV-infected patients with active TB was not associated with survival advantage when compared to initiation of ART at 12 weeks.",
"scWAT stiffness was associated with tissue fibrosis, obesity, and diabetes-related traits. Noninvasive evaluation of scWAT stiffness might be useful in clinical practice.",
"A post hoc analysis of the Multicenter Automatic Defibrillator Implantation Trial (MADIT) II showed that patients with high mortality risk score did not benefit from implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD) therapy. We sought to determine whether MADIT II risk score can identify patients with greater mortality in a nontrial "real-world" setting. We included 382 consecutive patients who received ICD for primary prevention of sudden cardiac death at the Minneapolis Veterans Affairs Medical Center from 2006 to 2010. MADIT II score was calculated by assigning 1 point each for age >70 years, New York Heart Association class >II, atrial fibrillation, QRS >0.12 seconds, and blood urea nitrogen level >26 mg/dl. Scores 0, 1 to 2, and ≥3 were classified as low, intermediate, and high risk, respectively. Of the 382 patients, 14% were low risk, 54% intermediate risk, and 32% high risk. After 3.0 ± 1.6 years of follow-up, incidence of appropriate ICD shocks was similar (p = 0.21) across MADIT II risk score categories. However, mortality rate was 21, 54, and 134 per 1,000 patient-year follow-up in low, intermediate, and high-risk patients, respectively, p <0.0001. Compared with low-risk patients, mortality was 6.4× greater in high-risk patients (hazard ratio 6.36, 95% confidence interval 1.9 to 20.5; p = 0.002). The c-index for the MADIT II score for predicting death was 0.69 (95% confidence interval 0.63 to 0.75). In conclusion, MADIT II risk score successfully identified patients with greater mortality in a nontrial-based, primary-prevention ICD cohort.",
"Before treatment a significant association was observed between ocular blood flow parameters and systemic blood pressure in both parallel groups (r = 0.23-0.42). All regression lines between ocular hemodynamic parameters and systemic blood pressure were less steep after treatment with either dorzolamide or timolol (r = 0.03-0.24).",
"The data gathered in this study have drawn attention on the fact that the presence of pain is higher in female gender, with a prevalence of 60% compared to the 38% of the male gender. It has been observed no relation with the age range, in particular no proportional increase level of pain has been observed, although the higher peak of prevalence has been experienced in the age range between 70-79, both for pain in general and for chronic pain. Speaking about efficacy of the treatment, almost 50% of the subjects have received no improvement from the therapy.",
"There is currently no indication that artemisinin resistance has reached Bangladesh. However, the fact that resistance has recently been reported from nearby Myanmar indicates an urgent need for close monitoring of artemisinin resistance in the region.",
"Spontaneous pneumothorax has been managed on an outpatient basis by intercostal tube drainage and a portable flutter valve device (pneumothorax set). In a series of 111 selected patients, from 14 to 75 years of age, who had no complaints such as dyspnea, had neither tension-nor hemo-pneumothorax, and could promptly return to hospital in an emergency, intercostal tube insertion and continuous negative pressure drainage were instituted at the outpatient department. After approximately one hour of suction, if an air leak ceased and the lung was re-expanded, the patient was allowed to return home with a pneumothorax set connected to the chest tube. But, if an air leak persisted, they were admitted to hospital. The outpatients were followed every 2 or 3 days thereafter, and if their course was uneventful, the chest tube was removed a week later. If the onset of lung recollapse was seen at outpatient check up, hospitalization was required. Outpatient treatment was successful in 81 cases (72.9%) of the series. However, 14 patients were hospitalized because of persistent air leak at the outpatient room, and 5 were admitted because of wound pain, re-expansion edema or other reasons. During the ambulatory course, 11 were admitted to hospital with recollapse of the lung. Bacterial cultures of drain tips were positive in 22.6% of 75 examined cases, which was a higher percentage than that associated with inpatient drainage. Wound infection with St. aureus occurred in one case after removal of the drain.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)",
"In the modified intention-to-treat analysis, tuberculosis developed in 7 of 3986 subjects in the combination-therapy group (cumulative rate, 0.19%) and in 15 of 3745 subjects in the isoniazid-only group (cumulative rate, 0.43%), for a difference of 0.24 percentage points. Rates of treatment completion were 82.1% in the combination-therapy group and 69.0% in the isoniazid-only group (P<0.001). Rates of permanent drug discontinuation owing to an adverse event were 4.9% in the combination-therapy group and 3.7% in the isoniazid-only group (P=0.009). Rates of investigator-assessed drug-related hepatotoxicity were 0.4% and 2.7%, respectively (P<0.001).",
"null",
"This NC reduces cholesterol levels. The reduction is associated with improved endothelial function and insulin sensitivity.",
"This study highlights the advantages of sutureless valves for geriatric patients with small aortic roots reflected by shorter cross-clamp and CPB times, even though most of these patients were operated on via a minimally invasive access. Moreover, due to the absence of a sewing ring, these valves are also almost stentless, with greater effective orifice area (EOA) for any given size. This may potentially result in better haemodynamics even without the root enlargement. This is of advantage, as several studies have shown that aortic root enlargement can significantly increase the risks of AVR. Moreover, as seen in this series, these valves may also enable a broader application of minimally invasive AVR.",
"The CORS is capable of demonstrating advantages of more comprehensive migraine therapies over traditional therapies, which are primarily focused on the resolution of headache pain, by addressing the frequency and speed with which the most common migraine symptoms are resolved and patients' return to normal functioning. This research shows evidence for the value and utility for the CORS static and comparative items and components, and further evaluation is underway.",
"Iron overload is not uncommon in sickle cell disease (SCD) and requires regular chelation therapy in several instances. The present study evaluates the effect of deferiprone in 15 adult patients with SCD (ten beta(s)/beta(0)thalassemia and five beta(s)/beta(s)) and iron overload. Deferiprone was given at a dose of 75 mg/kg daily for 12 months. The evaluation considered pre- and post-treatment values of serum ferritin, urinary iron excretion, and T2 values of liver and heart obtained by magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Eleven patients had a liver biopsy prior to starting therapy to evaluate iron concentration (LIC). Twelve patients completed the study with satisfactory compliance. In ten of them (83.3%) the serum ferritin levels decreased significantly at the end of the trial; in eight patients (66.6%) the reduction of serum ferritin was accompanied by a significant increase of their liver T2 values. All patients had a significant increase of urinary iron excretion in response to the drug. Ferritin levels and liver T2 values correlated with liver iron concentration; on the contrary, ferritin levels and liver T2 values failed to show any correlation with heart T2 values. Heart T2 values did not also show any correlation with left ventricular ejection fraction. Deferiprone was well tolerated and did not cause any significant adverse effects. These results suggest that deferiprone may effectively decrease the iron deposition in patients with SCD; moreover, T2 MRI proves to be a reliable and rapid, noninvasive method for assessing the liver iron load in patients with SCD.",
"We describe an improved technique for pleural drain insertion during cardiovascular procedures performed through a median sternotomy. Benefits of this technique include less patient discomfort, optimal drain geometry, and reduced risk of pneumothorax on drain removal.",
"The HT regimen improves cardiac and muscular hemodynamic adaptations, possibly by promoting the mobilization/function of CPCs and the production of angiogenic factors.",
"The authors evaluated the incidence and type of technical problems associated with blind insertion of intrapleural catheters placed in 21 anesthetized patients and then injected in a double-blind fashion with 0.5% bupivacaine (1.5 mg/kg) or isotonic saline. The patients' chests were then opened, catheter positions located, and the lungs inspected. Eleven of the catheters were located with the tips intrapleurally, three extrapleurally, and seven actually in lung tissue. Eight patients had holes in the lung surface. Three patients had a pneumothorax, two of which were under tension. Plasma bupivacaine levels reached maximal concentrations at about 20 minutes in those with intrapleurally placed catheters, but not until 60 minutes when the catheter had actually penetrated the lung. Significant variations in plasma bupivacaine levels were achieved when the catheter entered lung tissue, with potentially toxic levels in one patient. To evaluate intraoperative analgesic effects, all patients were given a standard anesthetic with isoflurane, oxygen, and a muscle relaxant. There was no significant difference in isoflurane requirement between the groups who had bupivacaine v saline injected into their intrapleural catheters before surgery. It is concluded that blind insertion of intrapleural catheters can be hazardous, especially if followed by positive-pressure ventilation. In addition, catheter placement in lung tissue, which was not uncommon, delays the time for peak plasma concentrations and may increase risk of toxicity. Intrapleural bupivacaine was not found to be a useful adjunct to general anesthesia during thoracotomies.",
"Both of the combinations are effective in lowering IOP, the exact amount and percentage of reduction is greater with the latanoprost + dorzolamide regimen, especially at night-time.",
": Adenosine is useful and safe as a diagnostic and therapeutic agent for patients with regular wide QRS complex tachycardia.",
"Takotsubo syndrome is an important safety issue occurring predominantly in post-menopausal women undergoing specific stressing condition. Heart failure and cardiogenic shock are the most serious clinical complication and leading cause of death in the short period, good prognosis is seen thereafter.",
"Sixty-six children presenting to Singa hospital, Sudan with different manifestations of severe Plasmodium falciparum malaria were randomly divided into two well-matched groups (33 in each arm) to receive either intravenous artesunate 2·4 mg/kg at 0, 12, and 24 hours, then daily, or intravenous quinine 20mg/kg initially then 10mg/kg three times a day. There was no significant difference in the fever, parasite clearance, and coma resolution times. Three patients died, one in the artesunate and two in the quinine groups. One patient developed hypoglycaemia following quinine infusion. Thus, artesunate can be used for the treatment of severe falciparum malaria.",
"These observations indicate the advisibility of continued entomological studies, strengthening of epidemiological surveillance, consideration of additional risk factors and evaluation of work performance in the border region. This will require coordination with health authorities of both countries to control malaria in this region.",
"",
"OPTXs were evident on thoracic (and not abdominal) CT in 17% of severely injured patients. For patients who also underwent C-spine imaging, all OPTXs isolated to thoracic CT could be diagnosed by using the pulmonary windows setting of their C-spine CT imaging protocol. All OPTXs, regardless of intra-thoracic location, could also be detected by combining C-spine and abdominal CT screening.",
"Long-term survival is similar in CABG-LITA patients using either a RA or free RITA graft to bypass the circumflex coronary artery. RA grafting has fewer MAEs, a similar patency to RITA, and improves survival in older and COPD patients. The choice of the second arterial conduit should be guided by patient profiles and surgeon preferences.",
"Almotriptan was significantly more effective than placebo in women with MRM attacks, with consistent efficacy in longer-term follow-up.",
"Routine application of active drain suction to the underwater seal is not necessary after lobectomy. However, it could be useful in persistent pneumothorax with sufficient air entry in the lung and clear airways. It is of no help in persistent air leaks when the lung is expanded.",
"Migraine may have a negative impact on the improvement of partial SF-36 subscales, especially on functional recovery, after acute treatment among outpatients with MDD. Whether additional intervention besides antidepressant treatment for migraine is indicated may need further study.",
"As of February 2011, integration of TB and HIV services is taking place in public medical facilities in South Africa. Among these services, IPT in people living with HIV and ART in TB patients are the least available.",
"The aim of the study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of administered intravenously niferidil in doses 10, 20 and 30 mkg per kg in patients with persistent atrial fibrillation (AF) and flutter (AFL) for pharmacological cardioversion. The study included 30 patients (22 male) with persistent AF (n = 28) and AFL (n = 2) without structural heart diseases with median arrhythmia duration 6.1 +/- 4.8 months (2 weeks to 24 months). Niferidil was administered as 3 bolus injections (10 mkg per kg each) performed with the interval of 15 minutes. Antiarrhythmic efficacy of niferidil in dose of 10 mkg per kg was 60%, in dose of 20 mkg per kg it was 70%, and in dose of 30 mkg per kg reached 90% prespectively. The part of the patients, in whom QTc prolongation exceeded potentionally dangerous value of 500 mc, was 22.2% (6 of 27). None of the patients developed proarrhythmic side effect as torsade de pointes.",
"After PVAI, ablation guided by the administration of adenosine and ISP to target non-PV triggers inducing AF increased AF ablation outcomes. Patients with non-PV foci that did not induce AF had no further ablation, with the lowest ablation success rate. This group may likely benefit from further ablation after PVAI.",
"HIV infection is a risk factor for the development of malaria. Proactive malaria disease prevention and treatment is warranted for all children, particularly those with HIV infection in settings of coendemicity.",
"No differences were found between the groups in the occurrence of cardiac complications. Ex-preterm ELBW children at age 6 may have a faster HR, smaller cardiac dimensions on echocardiography and higher nocturnal blood pressure. The clinical relevance of these findings is unknown.",
"Poor dentition and lack of dental care were associated with worse HRQOL in older adults with DM. Further research is needed to determine whether better oral health improves HRQOL in this population.",
"To estimate medication costs in individuals with diagnosed diabetes, undetected diabetes, impaired glucose regulation and normal blood glucose values in a population-based sample by age and sex.Using the KORA F4 follow-up survey, conducted in 2006-2008 (n=2611, age 40-82 years), we identified individuals' glucose tolerance status by means of an oral glucose tolerance test. We assessed all medications taken regularly, calculated age-sex specific medication costs and estimated cost ratios for total, total without antihyperglycemic drugs, and cardiovascular medication, using multiple 2-part regression models.Compared to individuals with normal glucose values, costs were increased in known diabetes, undetected diabetes and impaired glucose regulation, which was more pronounced in participants aged 40-59 years than in those aged 60-82 years (cost ratios for all medications: 40-59 years: 2.85; 95%-confidence interval: 1.78-4.54, 2.00; 1.22-3.29 and 1.53; 1.12-2.09; 60-82 years: 2.04; 1.71-2.43, 1.17; 0.90-1.51 and 1.09; 0.94-1.28). Compared to individuals with diagnosed diabetes, costs were significantly lower among individuals with impaired glucose regulation across all age and sex strata, also when antihyperglycemic medication was excluded (40-59 years: 0.60; 0.36-0.98, 60-82 years: 0.74; 0.60-0.90; men: 0.72; 0.56-0.93; women: 0.72; 0.54-0.96).We could quantify age- and sex-specific medication costs and cost ratios in individuals with diagnosed diabetes, undetected diabetes and impaired glucose regulation compared to those with normal glucose values, using data of a population-based sample, with oral glucose tolerance test-based identification of diabetes states. These results may help to validly estimate cost-effectiveness of screening and early treatment or prevention of diabetes.",
"Landiolol was more effective for controlling rapid HR than digoxin in AF/AFL patients with LV dysfunction, and could be considered as a therapeutic option in this clinical setting.",
"Initial loss to follow-up should be reported as part of the TB programme to ensure that patients are initiated on treatment to prevent transmission within communities.",
"In response to the high caseload and gross under-reporting of childhood TB cases, the National TB Program should give higher priority for childhood TB case management in designated DOTS hospitals. In addition, an international guidance on childhood TB recording and reporting and improved diagnostics and standardized classification is required.",
"The regulating spleen-stomach needling is an effective method for treatment of DN, which cold improve glycometabolism disturbance-induced progressive kidney injury, recover glomerular filtration, reduce urinary albumin excretion rate, restrain overexpression of MCP-1, adjust level of oxidative stress, prohibit oxidation of protein, increase protectiveness of membrane, adjust quantity and activity abnormity of T lymphocyte subgroup, leading to repairing lymphocyte damage and improving immune expression to delay kidney damage.",
"The point of entry to health care for many children with TB is the ED. The more protean manifestations of TB in children can decrease the utility of screening tools developed to identify adults with TB. While TB in adults often is a microbiologic diagnosis, childhood TB often is an epidemiologic diagnosis. Therefore, questioning caregivers about TB risk factors in the family may identify a higher percentage of children with possible TB.",
"Prospective headache diaries are needed to diagnose MM. A probability-based method, which considers the chance occurrence of headaches during the menstrual cycle, identifies fewer women as having menstrually related migraine compared with the diary-based methods recommended by the current ICHD-II candidate criteria.",
"Triple anti-platelet therapy seems to be superior to dual anti-platelet therapy in patients with AMI who had no-reflow phenomenon during PCI.",
"The provision of LLINs and water filters to ART-naïve HIV-infected adults in the Kenyan study resulted in substantial net cost savings, due to the delay in the initiation of ART. The addition of an LLIN and a point-of-use water filter to the existing package of care provided to ART-naïve HIV-infected adults could bring substantial cost savings to resource-constrained health systems in low- and middle-income countries.",
"Pregnant women are susceptible to Plasmodium falciparum parasites that sequester in the placenta. The massive accumulation of infected erythrocytes in the placenta has been suggested to trigger the deleterious effects of malaria in pregnant women and their offspring. The risk of malaria is also high during the postpartum period, although mechanisms underlying this susceptibility are not known. Here, we aimed to identify host factors contributing to the risk of postpartum infections and to determine the origin of postpartum parasites by comparing their genotypes with those present at the time of delivery. To address this, blood samples were collected at delivery (n = 402) and postpartum (n = 354) from Mozambican women enrolled in a trial of intermittent preventive treatment in pregnancy (IPTp). P. falciparum was detected by real-time quantitative PCR (qPCR), and the parasite merozoite surface protein 1 (msp-1) and msp-2 genes were genotyped. Fifty-seven out of 354 (16%) women were infected postpartum as assessed by qPCR, whereas prevalence by optical microscopy was only 4%. Risk of postpartum infection was lower in older women (odds ratio [OR] = 0.34, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.15 to 0.81) and higher in women with a placental infection at delivery (OR = 4.20, 95% CI = 2.19 to 8.08). Among 24 women with matched infections, 12 (50%) were infected postpartum with at least one parasite strain that was also present in their placentas. These results suggest that parasites infecting pregnant women persist after delivery and increase the risk of malaria during the postpartum period. Interventions that reduce malaria during pregnancy may translate into a lower risk of postpartum infection.",
"Vasoocclusion is a continuous process in sickle cell disease (SCD) and accumulates to significant end organ damage, mostly irrespective of the occurrence of manifest acute vasoocclusive events. As there are indications that reversing the hypercoagulable state may be of clinical benefit in sickle cell patients, we performed a randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over pilot study to assess the efficacy and safety of low-adjusted dose acenocoumarol therapy (International Normalized Ratio: 1.6-2.0) in SCD. Treatment consisted of either acenocoumarol or placebo for 14 weeks, after which treatment was discontinued for a period of five weeks. Then, patients initially on acenocoumarol received placebo (and vice versa) for 14 weeks. Therapy efficacy was assessed by comparing the frequency of vasoocclusive complications, the occurrence of bleeding, and clotting activation between acenocoumarol and placebo treatment of each individual patient. Twenty-two patients (14 homozygous [HbSS] and 8 double heterozygous sickle-C [HbSC]; aged 20-59 years) completed the entire study. Acenocoumarol treatment did not result in a significant reduction of acute vasoocclusive events (three painful crises during acenocoumarol, five painful crises during placebo). There was a marked reduction of the hypercoagulable state (depicted by a decrease in plasma levels of prothrombin F1.2 fragments [P = 0.002], thrombin-antithrombin complexes [P = 0.003], and D-dimer fragments [P = 0.001]) without the occurrence of major bleeding. Even though no clinical benefit (pertaining to the frequency of painful crises) was detected in this pilot study, the value of low adjusted-dose acenocoumarol for preventing specific events (such as strokes) and as a long-term treatment of sickle cell patients should be subject of further study.",
"The median (range) in-stent late lumen loss (LLL) was 0.03 mm (-0.22 to 0.21 mm), 0.10 mm (-0.03 to 1.2 mm), and 0.08 mm (-0.01 to 0.28 mm), at 4, 6, and 8 months, respectively. At 18 months, the median in-stent LLL was 0.08 mm (-0.30 to 0.46 mm). On optical coherence tomography, the proportion of uncovered stent struts decreased from a median of 7.3% (range 0.4% to 46.3%) at 4 months to 0% (range: 0% to 3.4%) at 18 months. The percentage of neointimal volume obstruction by intravascular ultrasound increased from a median of 5.3% to 9.1% between 4 and 6 months and remained nearly unchanged thereafter through 18 months of follow-up. The only recorded major adverse cardiac event was a myocardial infarction.",
"A discrete prepotential was seen in 9 (26%) of 35 patients with CC-VA. In left and right CC-VA, the site of a discrete prepotential with ≥50 ms activation time may indicate a successful ablation site.",
"Following mCABG with low volume myocardial preservation and restrictive fluid management, early respiratory performance was improved and consumption of blood products reduced compared with opCAB and cCABG.",
"Our results showed that AF ablation with cryoballoon is effective and safe. Non-paroxysmal AF, duration of AF, smoking, BMI, LA diameter and early recurrence were found to be the most powerful predictors and could be helpful to select patients for appropriate therapeutic strategy.",
"There was no significant difference between the ablation and drug-therapy groups in the cumulative burden of atrial fibrillation (90th percentile of arrhythmia burden, 13% and 19%, respectively; P=0.10) or the burden at 3, 6, 12, or 18 months. At 24 months, the burden of atrial fibrillation was significantly lower in the ablation group than in the drug-therapy group (90th percentile, 9% vs. 18%; P=0.007), and more patients in the ablation group were free from any atrial fibrillation (85% vs. 71%, P=0.004) and from symptomatic atrial fibrillation (93% vs. 84%, P=0.01). One death in the ablation group was due to a procedure-related stroke; there were three cases of cardiac tamponade in the ablation group. In the drug-therapy group, 54 patients (36%) underwent supplementary ablation.",
"Fixed combination provides an easier regimen and therefore encourages better compliance, a key issue in a chronic disease such as glaucoma.",
"A risk score using easily obtainable clinical variables predicts patients at highest risk for QTc interval prolongation and may be useful in guiding monitoring and treatment decisions.",
"The trial was registered at Chinese Clinical Trial Register under identifier 2005L01041.",
"A previous pilot study suggested that rizatriptan reduces motion sickness induced by complex vestibular stimulation. In this double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled study we measured motion sickness in response to a complex vestibular stimulus following pretreatment with either rizatriptan or a placebo. Subjects included 25 migraineurs with or without migraine-related dizziness (23 females) aged 21-45 years (31.0 ± 7.8 years). Motion sickness was induced by off-vertical axis rotation in darkness, which stimulates both the semicircular canals and otolith organs of the vestibular apparatus. Results indicated that of the 15 subjects who experienced vestibular-induced motion sickness when pretreated with placebo, 13 showed a decrease in motion sickness following pretreatment with rizatriptan as compared to pretreatment with placebo (P < 0.02). This significant effect was not seen when subjects were exposed to more provocative vestibular stimulation. We conclude that the serotonin agonist, rizatriptan, reduces vestibular-induced motion sickness by influencing serotonergic vestibular-autonomic projections.",
"Mild aortic valve disease in patients undergoing rheumatic mitral valve surgery could be left untreated, because preventive aortic valve operation does not result in better clinical and echocardiographic outcomes.",
"Transient gastric dysrhythmias with bradygastria does occur in AF patients after ablation, which may indicate periesophageal vagal plexus damage after ablation. Careful application of radiofrequency energy to prevent esophageal injury is important.",
"Mean times from symptom onset to randomization were 129 ± 56 min in patients receiving hypothermia and 132 ± 64 min in controls. Patients randomized to hypothermia achieved a core body temperature of 34.7°C before reperfusion, with a 9-min longer door-to-balloon time. Median IS/MaR was not significantly reduced (hypothermia: 40.5% [interquartile range: 29.3% to 57.8%; control: 46.6% [interquartile range: 37.8% to 63.4%]; relative reduction 13%; p = 0.15). The incidence of heart failure was lower with hypothermia at 45 ± 15 days (3% vs. 14%, p < 0.05), with no mortality. Exploratory analysis of early anterior infarctions (0 to 4 h) found a reduction in IS/MaR of 33% (p < 0.05) and an absolute reduction of IS/left ventricular volume of 6.2% (p = 0.15).",
"Children living in a malaria endemic area have a fraction of IgGs that interferes with the biological activity of anti-AMA1 antibody as judged by GIA. While the mechanism of interference is not resolved in this study, these results suggest it is not caused by direct competition between non-AMA1 IgG and AMA1 protein. This study indicates that anti-malaria IgGs induced by natural exposure may interfere with the biological effect of antibody induced by an AMA1-based vaccine in the target population.",
"In a 'real-world' setting, patients with asymptomatic presentation of their first-diagnosed AF could have different risk profile and long-term outcomes compared to those with symptomatic AF. Whether more intensive monitoring and comprehensive AF management including AF ablation at early stage following the incident episode of AF and increased quality of oral anticoagulation could alter the long-term prognosis of these patients requires further investigation.",
"Rizatriptan 10-mg ODT was superior to placebo at all pain end points for treatment of acute migraine in patients using topiramate for migraine prophylaxis. Rizatriptan was generally well tolerated in this population. These results are comparable with those from clinical trials in patients not using prophylaxis, suggesting that the use of topiramate does not affect the efficacy or tolerability of rizatriptan for acute migraine treatment.",
"Our data did not support a relationship between genetic LPA variants (rs6415084 and rs3798220) and subsequent cardiovascular events after PCI in Chinese Han CAD patients.",
"Post hoc, within-woman analysis of migraine treatment episodes categorized based on International Headache Society criteria showed that menstrual treatment episodes were more impairing, longer lasting, and more likely to relapse than nonmenstrual treatment episodes in this selected population of women with frequent menstrual migraine. The current analysis indicates that most of the variability in these outcomes is due to differences between headache types and not within-patient differences for a given type of headache, suggesting that menstrual episodes are potentially treatable. These findings underscore the differences between menstrual and nonmenstrual episodes of migraine and the need to offer effective migraine treatment to women.",
"By evaluating the use of apixaban as a replacement for ASA in AF patients who are not treated with a VKA, the AVERROES study is addressing an important unmet clinical need. The results of AVERROES will be complementary to those of a parallel noninferiority trial comparing apixaban with VKA therapy in patients with AF who are able to receive a VKA.",
"No differences were observed in longer term survival rates and IOP profiles between Ahmed and Baerveldt shunt implants up to 48 months following surgery. Patients in the Baerveldt group were more likely to develop early postoperative hypotony-related complications and failure, whereas patients undergoing Ahmed implants were more likely to be on additional glaucoma medications (starting at 18 months postsurgery) and develop later onset failure.",
"This report revealed the rise in treatment failure (13% [95% CI = 0.074 - 0.217]) as compared to earlier reports from Ethiopia. It signals the spreading of chloroquine resistant P. vivax (CRPv) strains to malaria endemic areas of Ethiopia. It is recommended that all concerned bodies should act aggressively before further expansion of the current drug resistant malaria.",
"In patients undergoing cardiac surgery, decreased eGFR was associated with an increased rate of LV diastolic dysfunction with a subsequent increase in the rate of POAF.",
"IP-10 has potential as a diagnostic marker for infection with Mycobacterium tuberculosis, with comparable accuracy to QuantiFERON-TB Gold In-Tube test (QFT-IT). The aims were to assess the sensitivity and specificity of IP-10, and to evaluate the impact of co-morbidity on IP-10 and QFT-IT. 168 cases with active TB, 101 healthy controls and 175 non-TB patients were included. IP-10 and IFN-γ were measured in plasma of QFT-IT stimulated whole blood and analyzed using previously determined algorithms. A subgroup of 48 patients and 70 healthy controls was tested in parallel with T-SPOT.TB IP-10 and QFT-IT had comparable accuracy. Sensitivity was 81% and 84% with a specificity of 97% and 100%, respectively. Combining IP-10 and QFT-IT improved sensitivity to 87% (p < 0.0005), with a specificity of 97%. T-SPOT.TB was more sensitive than QFT-IT, but not IP-10. Among non-TB patients IP-10 had a higher rate of positive responders (35% vs 27%, p < 0.02) and for both tests a positive response was associated with relevant risk factors. IFN-γ but not IP-10 responses to mitogen stimulation were reduced in patients with TB and non-TB infection. This study confirms and validates previous findings and adds substance to IP-10 as a novel diagnostic marker for infection with M. tuberculosis. IP-10 appeared less influenced by infections other than TB; further studies are needed to test the clinical impact of these findings.",
"null",
"The objective of this study was to assess patient satisfaction with acute treatment of migraine with frovatriptan or rizatriptan by preference questionnaire. 148 subjects with a history of migraine with or without aura (IHS 2004 criteria), with at least one migraine attack per month in the preceding 6 months, were enrolled and randomized to frovatriptan 2.5 mg or rizatriptan 10 mg treating 1-3 attacks. The study had a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, cross-over design, with treatment periods lasting <3 months. At the end of the study, patients assigned preference to one of the treatments using a questionnaire with a score from 0 to 5 (primary endpoint). Secondary endpoints were pain-free and pain relief episodes at 2 h, and recurrent and sustained pain-free episodes within 48 h. 104 of the 125 patients (83%, intention-to-treat population) expressed a preference for a triptan. The average preference score was not significantly different between frovatriptan (2.9±1.3) and rizatriptan (3.2±1.1). The rates of pain-free (33% frovatriptan vs. 39% rizatriptan) and pain relief (55 vs. 62%) episodes at 2 h were not significantly different between the two treatments. The rate of recurrent episodes was significantly (p<0.001) lower under frovatriptan (21 vs. 43% rizatriptan). No significant differences were observed in sustained pain-free episodes (26% frovatriptan vs. 22% rizatriptan). The number of patients with adverse events was not significantly different between rizatriptan (34) and frovatriptan (25, p=NS). The results suggest that frovatriptan has a similar efficacy to rizatriptan, but a more prolonged duration of action.",
"This study provides Class III evidence that in patients with a history of previous ICH and AF, percutaneous LAAO is safe and feasible.",
"Our results indicate that fibrin glue is a safe sealing material for lung PLB and serves to decrease the incidence and, in particular, the severity of pneumothorax, especially in high-risk patients.",
"BEC resulted in a decrease on blood pressure and LVMI. BEC also prevented the progression of CKD while maintaining the creatinine clearance unchanged.",
"The new Bianshi therapy is applicable for treatment of migraine, which has a comparatively ideal clinical effect.",
"Although all of our patients showed an improvement of cystoid DME by means of OCT and fluorescein angiography, 42.8% (6 eyes) lost 2 or more lines in BCVA with primary intravitreal injection of TA plus GLP. Primary intravitreal injection of TA plus GLP may not be effective for cystoid DME at 12-months.",
"There were no significant differences among bimatoprost (preserved with 0.005% BAK), latanoprost (preserved with 0.02% BAK), and travoprost (preserved with sofZia) in objective clinical measures of ocular tolerability, including physician-graded hyperemia, corneal staining, and TBUT after 3 months of treatment. Longer-term studies are needed to further evaluate the ocular surface tolerability of these prostaglandin analogs.",
"Noncatheter induced, five different appearance patterns and four distinct morphologies of ventricular origin were observed. Most of them do not directly terminate tachycardia, but are associated with its termination and are not observed in ongoing tachycardia.",
"The sE-selectin level increases with the severity of atherogenic changes in serum lipid profil, and sP-selectin level increases due to inflammatory and prothrombotic processes. The sL-selectin level is influenced by inflamamatory processes in the vascular wall. The sE- and sP-selectin levels, unchanged compared to the control group, do not reflect adequately the degree of endothelial activation. An decreased sL-selectin level may indicate functional depletion of leukocytes in patients with myocardial infarction and make it difficult to assess the degree of leukocytes stimulation.",
"For most positive results the three tests identified different people, suggesting that in low-prevalence populations most discordant results are caused by false-positives. False-positive tuberculin skin test reactions associated with reactivity to nontuberculous mycobacteria and bacille Calmette-Guérin vaccination may account for a proportion of test discordance observed.",
"Current Controlled trial ISRCTN71018309.",
"Patients with risk factors for serious hypoglycemia represent a large subset of individuals receiving hypoglycemic agents; approximately one-half had evidence of intensive treatment. A patient safety indicator derived from administrative data can identify high-risk patients for whom reevaluation of glycemic management may be appropriate, consistent with meaningful use criteria for electronic medical records.",
"Patients treated with folic acid/vitamin B12 had a geometric mean (SD) MCP-1 level of 79.95 (1.49) versus 86.00 (1.43) pg/mL for patients receiving placebo (p-value 0.34). VH-TCFA lesions were present in 7.8% of patients and did not differ between intervention arms (p-value 0.47). Serum levels of MCP-1 were 1.46 (95% CI 1.12 to 1.92) times higher in patients with VH-TCFA lesions than in those without (p-value 0.005). Afterwards, patients were followed for median 2.1 years and 3.8% experienced a myocardial infarction (MI), which in post-hoc Cox regression analyses was independently predicted by both MCP-1 (P-value 0.006) and VH-TCFA (p-value 0.01).",
"Inappropriate therapy occurred in 253 (14%) of 1,790 patients during a follow-up period of 3.4 ± 1.1 years. Treatment with carvedilol was associated with a significantly decreased risk of inappropriate therapy compared with metoprolol (hazard ratio [HR]: 0.64 [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.48 to 0.85]; p = 0.002). The reduction in risk was consistent for inappropriate ATP (HR: 0.66 [95% CI: 0.48 to 0.90]; p = 0.009) and inappropriate shock therapy (HR: 0.54 [95% CI: 0.36 to 0.80]; p = 0.002). The risk of inappropriate therapy caused by atrial fibrillation was also reduced in patients receiving carvedilol compared with metoprolol (HR: 0.50 [95% CI: 0.32 to 0.81]; p = 0.004). General use of beta-blockers (93%) and adherence in this study was high.",
"Functional complications after NF are not avoided with TF.",
"Six patients who have undergone surgery for phaeochromacytoma have been separated in 2 groups. In group I (n = 3) a nitroglycerin infusion of 7.8 microgram . kg-1 . mn-1 has been used before the removal of the tumor and no vasodilator drug was infused in group II. During the dissection, mean arterial pressure was significantly lower in group I (129 +/- 12 mm Hg) than in group II (172 +/- 17 mm Hg) (p < 0.05). After removal of the tumor the decrease in mean arterial pressure was lower in group I than in group II. In group I the maximal rise in mean arterial pressure (73 +/- 18 mm Hg) was significantly reduced compared to group II (134 +/- 20 mm Hg). These results show that nitroglycerin is an interesting substance to decrease the variations of arterial blood pressure and this effect is important to prevent cardiac complications during and after surgery.",
"This study was conducted to evaluate and compare the efficacy and treatment effect of sodium valprovate with propranolol and tricyclic antidepressive drugs. This piece is a rarandomized clinical trial conducted on 126 migraine patients admitted to brain and nerves clinic in Arak, Iran. Patients were divided in two groups then randomized to study treatments. Data were gathered using a checklist and a complete examination. They were analyzed by Chi square and exact test. In patients with normal and abnormal encephalogram the effectiveness rate of two treatments were 35, 61.9, 95.6 and 28.6%, respectively. This difference between two treatments was statistically significant (p<0.001). But didn't observe significant differences between two sex groups (p>0.05). For treatment and control of the migraine, in patients with normal encephalogram, propranolol with tricyclic antidepressive drugs advised and for abnormal encephalogram sodium valprovate can be the better treatment for management and reduction of headache attacks.",
"Severe attenuation and favorable immune responses following administration of a first generation Pf p52(-)/p36(-) GAP suggests that further development of live-attenuated strains using genetic engineering should be pursued.",
"TB infection control measures need to be strengthened, particularly in the ED, as the incidence of TB was high. Conversion and reversion rates in serial testing were high, and further studies are needed to facilitate its interpretation.",
"We conclude that a muscarinic receptor antagonist has comparable efficacy and tolerability in the treatment of OAB patients with and without concomitant diabetes.",
"Population analyses of phase II clinical data indicated that the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of all rivaroxaban doses were predictable and were affected by expected demographic factors in patients with acute DVT.",
"NP101, a transdermal sumatriptan formulation in development for the acute treatment of migraine, demonstrated tolerability and efficacy with successive uses over 12 months in this clinical trial.",
"Both single-dose and chronic empagliflozin treatment caused glycosuria during fasting (median, 7.8 [interquartile range {IQR}, 4.4] g/3 hours and 9.2 [IQR, 5.2] g/3 hours) and after meal ingestion (median, 29.0 [IQR, 12.5] g/5 hours and 28.2 [IQR, 15.4] g/5 hours). After 3 hours of fasting, endogenous glucose production (EGP) was increased 25%, while glycemia was 0.9 ± 0.7 mmol/l lower (P < 0.0001 vs. baseline). After meal ingestion, glucose and insulin AUC decreased, whereas the glucagon response increased (all P < 0.001). While oral glucose appearance was unchanged, EGP was increased (median, 40 [IQR, 14] g and 37 [IQR, 11] g vs. 34 [IQR, 11] g, both P < 0.01). Tissue glucose disposal was reduced (median, 75 [IQR, 16] g and 70 [IQR, 21] g vs. 93 [IQR, 18] g, P < 0.0001), due to a decrease in both glucose oxidation and nonoxidative glucose disposal, with a concomitant rise in lipid oxidation after chronic administration (all P < 0.01). β Cell glucose sensitivity increased (median, 55 [IQR, 35] pmol • min(-1) • m(-2) • mM(-1) and 55 [IQR, 39] pmol • min(-1) • m(-2) • mM(-1) vs. 44 [IQR, 32] pmol • min(-1) • m(-2) • mM(-1), P < 0.0001), and insulin sensitivity was improved. Resting energy expenditure rates and those after meal ingestion were unchanged.",
"The motility and invasion of Plasmodium parasites is believed to require a cytoplasmic actin-myosin motor associated with a cell surface ligand belonging to the TRAP (thrombospondin-related anonymous protein) family. Current models of invasion usually invoke the existence of specific receptors for the TRAP-family ligands on the surface of the host cell; however, the identities of these receptors remain largely unknown. Here, we identify the GPI-linked protein Semaphorin-7A (CD108) as an erythrocyte receptor for the P. falciparum merozoite-specific TRAP homolog (MTRAP) by using a systematic screening approach designed to detect extracellular protein interactions. The specificity of the interaction was demonstrated by showing that binding was saturable and by quantifying the equilibrium and kinetic biophysical binding parameters using surface plasmon resonance. We found that two MTRAP monomers interact via their tandem TSR domains with the Sema domains of a Semaphorin-7A homodimer. Known naturally-occurring polymorphisms in Semaphorin-7A did not quantitatively affect MTRAP binding nor did the presence of glycans on the receptor. Attempts to block the interaction during in vitro erythrocyte invasion assays using recombinant proteins and antibodies showed no significant inhibitory effect, suggesting the inaccessibility of the complex to proteinaceous blocking agents. These findings now provide important experimental evidence to support the model that parasite TRAP-family ligands interact with specific host receptors during cellular invasion.",
"This study suggests that long-term IPT has a low toxicity risk in HIV-infected children. In the absence of chronic viral hepatitis, IPT can be safely re-introduced following recovery from liver injury.",
"This study demonstrates the non-inferiority of AS+AQ versus AL, its efficacy and tolerance in the management of uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria in African children.",
"It is unknown whether left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) diagnosis by electrocardiography improves risk stratification in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF). We investigated the prognostic impact of LVH diagnosis by electrocardiography in a large sample of anticoagulated patients with AF included in the Randomized Evaluation of Long-Term Anticoagulant Therapy (RE-LY) Study. We defined electrographic LVH (ECG-LVH) by strain pattern or Cornell voltage (R wave in aVL plus S wave in V3) >2.0 mV (women) or >2.4 mV (men). LVH prevalence was 22.7%. During a median follow-up of 2.0 years, 303 patients developed a stroke, 778 died (497 from cardiovascular causes), and 140 developed a myocardial infarction. LVH was associated with a greater risk of stroke (1.99% vs 1.32% per year, hazard ratio [HR] 1.51, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.18 to 1.93, p <0.001), cardiovascular death (4.52% vs 1.80% per year, HR 2.56, 95% CI 2.14 to 3.06, p <0.0001), all-cause death (6.03% vs 3.11% per year, HR 1.95, 95% CI 1.68 to 2.26, p <0.0001), and myocardial infarction (1.11% vs 0.55% per year, HR 2.07, 95% CI 1.47 to 2.92, p <0.0001). In multivariate analysis, the prognostic value of LVH was additive to CHA2DS2-VASc score and other covariates. The category-free net reclassification index and integrated discrimination improvement increased significantly after adding LVH to multivariate models. In conclusion, our study demonstrates for the first time that ECG-LVH, a simple and easily accessible prognostic indicator, improves risk stratification in anticoagulated patients with AF.",
"Coronary artery plaque regression and changes in plaque composition during statin therapy do not predict future cardiovascular events in patients with angina pectoris. Instead, the serum hs-CRP level can be used as a predictor of cardiovascular events.",
"Accessing an online patient portal is associated with improved glycemic control.",
"A questionnaire (Migraine Questionnaire; MQ) was developed to help pharmacists identify consumers with migraine suitable for non-prescription treatment with a triptan. Adults, who knew or thought that they had migraine, participated in three, sequential, community-based studies to validate the MQ. Overall, 1,353 subjects completed independent assessments with a pharmacist and a clinician (reference standard). The accuracy of the pharmacist assessment of suitability for a triptan was compared with the clinician assessment. Clinicians using their standard practice determined that triptan therapy was suitable in 76.8% of cases compared with 48.8% for pharmacists using the MQ. The lack of concordance between pharmacists and clinicians in the false-positive cases (n = 113 of 660 subjects considered suitable for triptan by the pharmacists) usually related to headache diagnosis (57.5%), not safety aspects. The MQ is an effective tool for pharmacists to guide appropriate recommendation of a non-prescription triptan for migraine.",
"2% ibopamine is recommended as a provocative test for glaucoma. Because both concentrations have similar ability to rise IOP, 1% ibopamine may be used to treat ocular hypotony.",
"A low PT/INR target seems effective and safe in Italian patients with AF over the age of 80. Further trials are needed to confirm the hypothesis generated by this study.",
"Several sports have been associated with a postexercise increase of cardiac, liver, and skeletal muscle biomarkers of injury. Exhaustive or acute physical exercise causes an increased generation of reactive oxygen species, resulting in cellular injury. Thus, exercise and training may trigger pathophysiological changes in serum concentrations of a variety of biomarkers. In this study, we aimed to evaluate the variation of novel biomarkers of stress and cardiovascular disease such as copeptin, midregional part of proadrenomedullin (MR-proADM), growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF15), soluble vascular endothelial growth factor receptor, and placental growth factor along with uric acid before and after acute high-intensity exercise and allopurinol administration. We also assessed whether allopurinol administration may affect the circulating levels of these biomarkers by inhibition of XO activity. This is a double-blind, placebo-controlled study in which 12 professional football players were divided into 2 experimental groups. An oral dose of 300 mg of allopurinol was administered to one group of six participants 4 hours before a match of the Spanish Football League, whereas the other 6 participants received placebo (cellulose). Venous blood samples were obtained before the match (baseline) and twelve hours afterwards (post-match). Serum MR-proADM levels increased significantly in the placebo group, whereas serum GDF15 levels increased significantly in both the placebo and allopurinol group after the match. No differences in the other parameters tested were found after the match in any experimental group. The trend toward postexercise increase of serum MR-proADM and GDF15 levels shows that the metabolism of these proteins is clearly imbalanced after exercise, which thereby represents a potential source of biological variability in their clinical assessment.",
"This study provides class III evidence that intranasal ketamine is effective in reducing aura severity in patients with migraine with prolonged aura.",
"Adherence to the 14-day primaquine regimen is important for the radical cure of P. vivax malaria infection. Implementation of DOT reduces the reappearance rate of the parasite, and may subsequently decrease P. vivax transmission in the area.",
"Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitors prevent degradation of incretin hormones (glucagon-like peptide 1 [GLP-1] and glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide [GIP]), whereas metformin may increase GLP-1 levels. We examined, in a four-period crossover trial, the influence of metformin (2,000 mg/day), sitagliptin (100 mg/day), or their combination, on GLP-1 responses and on the incretin effect in 20 patients with type 2 diabetes, comparing an oral glucose challenge (75 g, day 5) and an "isoglycemic" intravenous glucose infusion (day 6). Fasting total GLP-1 was significantly increased by metformin and not changed by sitagliptin. After oral glucose, metformin increased and sitagliptin significantly decreased (by 53%) total GLP-1. Fasting and postload intact GLP-1 increased with sitagliptin but not with metformin. After oral glucose, only sitagliptin, but not metformin, significantly augmented insulin secretion, in monotherapy and as an add-on to metformin. The incretin effect was not changed numerically with any of the treatments. In conclusion, sitagliptin increased intact GLP-1 and GIP through DPP-4 inhibition but reduced total GLP-1 and GIP (feedback inhibition) without affecting the numerical contribution of the incretin effect. Insulin secretion with sitagliptin treatment was similarly stimulated with oral and "isoglycemic" intravenous glucose. This points to an important contribution of small changes in incretin concentrations within the basal range or to additional insulinotropic agents besides GLP mediating the antidiabetic effects of DPP-4 inhibition.",
"In several different forms of supraventricular tachycardias the MediGuide-Technology contributed to a dramatic reduction in irradiation exposure. With a median fluoroscopy time of 30 s all SVT cases were effectively performed with no complications; the fluoroscopy burden can be significantly reduced not only for the patient but also for the nurses and the physicians performing the case. The overall procedure times are not prolonged due to the use of MediGuide Technology compared with a control group of >1800 patients undergoing conventional ablation procedures.",
"Decreased arterial compliance is an early manifestation of adverse structural and functional changes within the vessel wall. Its correlation with left ventricular (LV) area on computed tomography, a marker of LV remodeling, has not been well demonstrated. The aim of this study was to test the hypothesis that decreasing aortic compliance and increasing arterial stiffness are independently associated with increased LV area. The study population consisted of 3,540 patients (mean age 61 ± 10 years, 46% men) from the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis (MESA) who underwent aortic distensibility (AD) assessment on magnetic resonance imaging and LV area measurement on computed tomography (adjusted to body surface area). Multivariate logistic regression was performed to assess the association between body surface area-normalized LV area >75th percentile and AD after adjusting for baseline clinical, historical, and imaging covariates. Mean LV area index was 2,153 cm(2), and mean AD was 1.84 × 10(3) mm Hg(-1). Subjects in the lowest AD quartile were older, with higher prevalence rates of hypertension, diabetes, and hypercholesterolemia (p <0.05 for all comparisons). Using multivariate linear regression adjusting for demographics, traditional risk factors, coronary artery calcium, and C-reactive protein, each SD decrease was associated with an 18-cm(2) increase in LV area. In addition, decreasing AD quartiles were independently associated with increasing LV area index, defined as >75th percentile. In conclusion, in this multiethnic cohort, reduced AD was associated with increased LV area. Longitudinal studies are needed to determine if decreased distensibility precedes and directly influences increased LV area.",
"These findings illustrate how nutrition and health factors can affect different domains of development and how these changes can precipitate changes in other domains. More work is needed to better understand the multiple impacts of internal and external factors on children's development and how changes in developmental domains interact with each other over time to determine children's overall developmental trajectory. The randomized, placebo-controlled study was registered as an International Standard Randomized Controlled Trial, number ISRCTN59549825.",
"Manual acupuncture stimulation of the local + distal body acupoints combined with otopoint-EA and bloodletting at Taiyang (EX-HN 5) + Ashi points is the best option for relieving migraine during attack.",
"The multicenter study of hydroxyurea (MSH) in sickle-cell anemia (SCA) demonstrated that patients treated with hydroxyurea (HU) had a 44% decrease in hospitalizations when compared with those taking placebo. A subsequent study looking at the cost-effectiveness of HU showed that decreased hospitalizations for painful crisis accounted for the majority of cost savings in those taking HU. The purpose of this study was to examine whether the expected decrease in hospital utilization occurred after the approval of HU in Maryland. We used data collected by the Maryland Health Services Cost Review Commission to obtain SCA discharge data for Maryland from FY1995 through FY2003. We also reviewed the inpatient and outpatient charts of all adults with SCA admitted to a large university hospital during 2003. Hospitalization rates for adults with SCA in Maryland have increased significantly since approval of HU. While the total costs of inpatient care in Maryland are estimated to have increased by 31% above inflation from 1995 to 2003, the costs of inpatient care for adult SCA patients has increased by almost 60% above inflation. By comparison, there has been no significant increase in the pediatric hospitalization rate. We found that 70% of patients in one hospital who were appropriate candidates for HU were not taking the medication. Hospital utilization among adults with SCA has increased significantly. There are likely many factors that have played a role in this increase. One factor that appears to be involved is the underutilization of HU.",
"We demonstrated increased LA booster function and decreased LA conduit and reservoir functions in patients with prior anterior MI. Improvement in LA booster function correlated with the degree of LV systolic and diastolic dysfunction, suggesting a compensatory response of the LA.",
"ISRCTN84636255.",
"Eight weeks of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation program is an insufficient stimulus to improve cardiac autonomic function in post-myocardial infarction patients under optimal medication and with high levels of traditional and nonlinear HRV indexes at baseline.",
"PET has a high false-positive rate in areas with a high incidence of TB; combined PET and CT (PET/CT) can improve the diagnostic accuracy in the differentiation of an SPN.",
"The incidence of cardiac valve calcification in MPD patients is high, and the incidence of AVC is higher than MVC. Age, diabetes history, calcium-phosphorus product and hypo-prealbuminemia are independent risk factors for AVC, whereas age, calcium-phosphorus product and hypo-prealbuminemia are independent risk factors for MVC.",
"The Multicenter Study of Hydroxyurea in Sickle Cell Anemia (MSH), a double-blind randomized clinical trial, compared the frequency of acute vaso-occlusive (painful) crises during 2 yr of follow-up in 299 patients randomly assigned to hydroxyurea or placebo. Most patients had more than one crisis; all crises reported were included in the primary outcome analysis. A total of 7,229 follow-up medical contact reports were classified as crises/not crises by a Crisis Review Committee. Because of the time required to report, document, and classify contacts, interim analyses were prepared with incomplete data. If a stopping boundary were crossed, early termination could be advised only after assessing the potential impact of the incomplete data. In an extension of stochastic curtailment methods, simulation procedures were used to estimate the probability of detecting differences when group crisis rates projected to the end of the study were compared using a rank test. To account for medical contacts not yet reported and the future occurrence of crises, Poisson process models assuming no treatment effect on crisis rates were used for these simulations. The number of unclassified contacts that would be classified as crises was simulated as a binomial random variable. These methods may be useful for interim monitoring in other studies of recurrent events with ongoing event reporting and classification.",
"Both suction and water-seal methods for chest tube removal are effective and have similar incidences of recurrent pneumothorax. The use of the suction algorithm significantly decreased both chest tube duration and the time taken for chest tube removal. In patients hospitalized for isolated pneumo- or hemothorax, the use of the suction algorithm potentially could lead to shorter length of stay.",
"null",
"The CADEES showed good content and predictive validity. Although additional research is needed before finalizing a shorter version of the survey, our findings suggest that researchers and clinicians may be able to improve adherence by (1) counseling newly diagnosed patients, as well as those with uncontrolled blood glucose, on the importance of annual eye examinations and (2) discussing perceived barriers and misconceptions.",
"In patients with paroxysmal AF and sick sinus syndrome requiring pacemaker implantation, an alternative atrial pacing site at the RA septum or continuous atrial overdrive pacing did not prevent the development of persistent AF.",
"Consistent, high-level, vaccine-induced protection against human malaria has only been achieved by inoculation of Plasmodium falciparum (Pf) sporozoites (SPZ) by mosquito bites. We report that the PfSPZ Vaccine--composed of attenuated, aseptic, purified, cryopreserved PfSPZ--was safe and well tolerated when administered four to six times intravenously (IV) to 40 adults. Zero of six subjects receiving five doses and three of nine subjects receiving four doses of 1.35 × 10(5) PfSPZ Vaccine and five of six nonvaccinated controls developed malaria after controlled human malaria infection (P = 0.015 in the five-dose group and P = 0.028 for overall, both versus controls). PfSPZ-specific antibody and T cell responses were dose-dependent. These data indicate that there is a dose-dependent immunological threshold for establishing high-level protection against malaria that can be achieved with IV administration of a vaccine that is safe and meets regulatory standards.",
"Standard selective screening criteria were not predictive of GDM in women from India-Pakistan-Sri Lanka and Asia and were associated with GDM-related events only in European and North African women. However, the women with GDM, who were routinely treated, had a poor prognosis, even for those free of RFs. These results support universal screening, irrespective of ethnicity.",
"Patients receiving combined travoprost ophthalmic solution 0.004% and brinzolamide ophthalmic suspension 1% therapy had lower IOP values compared to those on travoprost monotherapy (p < 0.0001). Combined therapy resulted in a significantly greater percentage of patients achieving IOPs of 18 mmHg or less (p < 0.0001).",
"CPT offered temporary protection against malaria among HIV-exposed, uninfected infants. However, CPT offered no protection against anemia, low weight for age or the collapsed outcome of severe illness or death.",
"In this open trial we evaluated the possible efficacy of Ginkgolide B in the treatment of acute aura in a group of patients suffering from migraine with aura, considering in particular the effect of the treatment on aura duration. Twenty-five patients (16 females, 9 males, mean age 39.7 ± 13.5 years, range 18-65) suffering from migraine with aura were enrolled in the study. The diagnosis was made according to the diagnostic criteria of the international classification of headache disorders, second edition (ICHD-II), for typical aura with migraine headache (n = 19) or typical aura without headache (n = 6). Patients were asked to use a diary card to register the exact duration of the aura symptoms in two consecutive attacks of aura. In the first one, they only took note of the duration of neurological symptoms in minutes. In the following attack, they were instructed to take orally, immediately at the onset of the first symptoms of aura, two capsules of a combination of 60 mg Ginkgo biloba terpenes phytosome, 11 mg coenzyme Q 10 and 8.7 mg vitamin B2 (Migrasoll). Aura duration (expressed in minutes) was significantly (p < 0.001) reduced by Migrasoll intake, being 33.6 ± 11.5 in the first untreated attack and 21.9 ± 11.8 during the second attack. In general, there was a marked amelioration of the features of the neurological symptoms of aura in the treated attack. In four patients (18.1 %) suffering from typical aura with migraine, the pain phase disappeared. Among the patients who completed the study no serious adverse events were reported.",
"Efficacy and safety of sumatriptan in rectal suppository (50 mg) and tablet forms (50 mg) in stopping migraine attacks has been studied in 80 patients with migraine with or without aura. Dynamics of migraine pain intensity measured with the VAS 30 min, 1, 2, 6 and 24 h after the first dose of drug was a primary index of efficacy. Secondary indices were the VAS intensity of nausea, vomiting, photophobia, phonophobia, duration of each migraine attack, quality of life parameters of a patient during the migraine attack assessed with the 24-hour questionnaire, severity of migraine course on the MIDAS, percentage of patients with complete regression of migraine pain, at least in 2 out of 3 attacks. To assess drug safety, any adverse effects, data of instrumental methods (clinical and biochemical blood tests, clinical urine test), EKG were taken into account. Rectal suppository had the more rapid effect on headache reduction compared to tablets. Changes of intensity of concomitant symptoms (nausea, vomiting, photophobia, phonophobia) as well as other secondary indices of drug efficacy were similar in both groups. In the group treated with rectal suppository, 9 (22.5%) patients had 12 adverse effects. In the group treated with tablets, 22 adverse effects were noted in 15 (37.5%) patients. Adverse effects related to the cardio-vascular system were observed less often in the group treated with rectal suppository (6.6 and 32%, respectively, p=0,004).",
"Although electrocardiography is frequently used as an initial test to detect or rule out previous myocardial infarction (MI), the diagnostic performance of commonly used electrocardiographic scoring systems is not well described. We aimed to determine the diagnostic accuracy of (1) the Universal Definition, (2) Minnesota ECG Code (MC), (3) Selvester QRS Score, and (4) assessment by cardiologists using late gadolinium enhancement cardiovascular magnetic resonance imaging as the reference standard. Additionally, the effect of electrocardiographic patterns and infarct characteristics on detecting previous MI was evaluated. The 3-month follow-up electrocardiograms of 78 patients with first-time reperfused ST elevation MI were pooled with electrocardiograms of 36 healthy controls. All 114 electrocardiograms were randomly analyzed, blinded to clinical and LGE-CMR data. The sensitivity of the Universal Definition, MC, Selvester QRS Score, and cardiologists to detect previous MI was 33%, 79%, 90%, and 67%, respectively; specificity 97%, 72%, 31%, and 89%, respectively; diagnostic accuracy 54%, 77%, 71%, and 74%, respectively. Probability of detecting MI by cardiologists increased with an increasing number (odds ratio [OR] 2.00, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.30 to 3.09), width (OR 1.02, 95% CI 1.01 to 1.03), and depth (OR 1.16, 95% CI 1.07 to 1.27) of Q waves as well as increasing infarct size (OR 1.15, 95% CI 1.06 to 1.25) and transmurality (OR 1.05, 95% CI 1.01 to 1.08; p <0.05 for all). The time-consuming MC and rapid visual assessment by cardiologists achieved the best and similar diagnostic accuracies to detect previous MI. The diagnostic performance of all 4 electrocardiographic scoring systems was modest and related to the number, depth, and width of Q waves as well as increasing infarct size and transmurality. In conclusion, the exclusion of a previous MI based solely on electrocardiographic findings should be done with caution. Future studies are needed to define which patients should be referred to additional diagnostic testing.",
"Elimination of stable AF rotors and focal sources may explain freedom from AF after diverse approaches to ablation. Patient-specific AF source distributions are consistent with the reported success of specific anatomic lesion sets and of widespread ablation. These results support targeting AF sources to reduce unnecessary ablation, and motivate studies on FIRM-only ablation.",
"After adjusting for age, nutritional status and immunodeficiency at enrolment, INH alone, ART alone and INH combined with ART reduced the risk of TB disease by 0.22 (95% CI 0.09 to 0.53), 0.32 (95% CI 0.07 to 1.55) and 0.11 (95% CI 0.04 to 0.32) respectively. INH reduced the risk of TB disease in children on ART by 0.23 (95% CI 0.05 to 1.00).",
"These findings support the use of IPT in older children and young-adult household contacts, in addition to children younger than 5 years.",
"This is the first quantitative analysis of β-blocker monotherapy in AF patients. Bisoprolol exhibits a dose-responsive HR reduction when administered at sequential doses of 2.5mg/day and 5mg/day.",
"The overall beneficial effect of CRT-D versus ICD on the risk of HF/death was not significantly different between LBBB patients with or without history of IAT (HR: 0.50, p = 0.028, and HR: 0.46, p < 0.001, respectively; p for interaction = 0.79). Among patients who had in-trial IAT, CRT-D was associated with a significant 57% reduction in the risk of HF/death compared with ICD-only therapy (HR: 0.43, p = 0.047), similar to the effect of the device among patients who did not have IAT (HR: 0.47, p < 0.001; p for interaction = 0.85). The percentage of patients with biventricular pacing ≥92% was similar in both groups (p = 0.43). Consistent results were shown for the benefit of CRT-D among patients who had in-trial atrial fibrillation/flutter (HR: 0.30, p = 0.027; p for interaction = 0.41).",
"Human models of headache may contribute to understanding of prostaglandins' role in migraine pathogenesis. The current thesis investigated the migraine triggering effect of prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) in migraine patients without aura, the efficacy of a novel EP4 receptor antagonist, BGC20-1531, in prevention of PGE2-induced headache and the ability of prostaglandin F2α (PGF2α) to trigger headache without any vasodilatation in healthy volunteers. All studies were designed as double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over experiments, where PGE2/PGF2α or saline were infused over 20-25 min. In the study with EP4 receptor antagonist healthy volunteers were pre-treated with two different doses of BGC20-1531 or placebo followed by PGE2 infusion over 25 min. The headache data were collected during the whole study day, whereas the possible vascular changes were measured during the in-hospital phase of 1.5 h. The infusion of PGE2 caused the immediate migraine-like attacks and vasodilatation of the middle cerebral artery in migraine patients without aura. The highly specific and potent EP4 receptor antagonist, BGC20-1531, was not able to attenuate PGE2-induced headache and vasodilatation of both intra- and extra-cerebral arteries. The intravenous infusion of PGF2α did not induce headache or statistically significant vasoconstriction of cerebral arteries in healthy volunteers. Novel data on PGE2-provoked immediate migraine-like attacks suggest that PGE2 may be one of the important final products in the pathogenesis of migraine. The lack of efficacy of EP4 receptor antagonist suggests that a single receptor blockade is not sufficient to block PGE2 responses, hence EP2 receptor should be investigated as a potential drug target for the treatment of migraine. The absence of headache during the PGF2α infusion demonstrates that vasodilating properties are necessary for the induction of headache and migraine.",
"In CFAE recordings, the DM parameter was found to have greater temporal morphologic variation in paroxysmal as compared with persistent AF data (p<0.001). In contrast, only moderate significance between paroxysmal versus persistent AF data was found when using the of CFE-mean and ICL parameters (p<0.05). The DM parameter may thus be useful as a new measure to discern both temporal and spatial variations in CFAE in paroxysmal versus persistent AF recordings.",
"null",
"These findings suggest that GMZ2 adjuvanted in Al(OH)3 elicits high levels of specific and functional antibodies with the capacity to control parasite multiplication.",
"Higher levels of NO2 exposure were associated with greater RV mass and larger RV end-diastolic volume.",
"The reliability of immunoradiometric serum CGA concentrations appeared according to this work to be comparable to that of the urinary KTCO levels and their urinary metabolites in hypertensives. Moreover, it solely requires a simple, easily done blood taking, less expensive than urinary KTCO collection. Besides, no antihypertensive drugs interfered with the analysis of CGA levels. However, some false positive results have to be mentioned in the presence of renal impairment, hypergastrinemia, corticotherapy, inhibitor of the pump with protons.",
"Even in the absence of comorbidity, elderly patients with major cardiovascular diseases are denied from indicated medical treatments probably because of their age alone. Implementing measures to enhance awareness of treatment benefits and promote appropriate prescribing is necessary.",
"null",
"Pregnant women infected with both malaria and HIV are twice as likely to be anemic than women with a single infection or no infection. Measures to control malaria, HIV, and anemia during pregnancy are imperative to improve birth outcomes in this region of Ghana.",
"Both ASAQ and AL are highly effective and currently adequate as the first-line treatment of uncomplicated falciparum malaria in this area of Katanga, DRC. However, in a very large country, such as DRC, and because of possible emergence of resistance from other endemic regions, surveillance of efficacy of artemisinin-based combination treatments, including other evaluations of the resistance of ASAQ, need to be done in other provinces.",
"ACS patients with CHF in the Saudi Project for Assessment of Coronary Events were older, more likely to have more cardiac risk factors, and less likely to be treated with optimum medical treatment on admission. These findings were associated with higher incidence of their in-hospital adverse outcomes. More aggressive treatment is warranted to improve prognosis.",
"Intraocular pressure asymmetry is unrelated to VF asymmetry in the Low-Pressure Glaucoma Treatment Study, suggesting an unclear pathogenic relationship between IOP and glaucomatous damage in eyes with LPG.",
"A significant relationship was found between the frequency of the dhfr triple mutation and SP-IPTi protective efficacy at 35 days post the 9 month dose. An association between the protective efficacy to 12 months of age and dhfr triple and dhfr/dhps quintuple mutations was found but should be viewed with caution due to bias. It was not possible to define a more definite relationship based on the data available from these trials.",
"This prospective study supports the efficacy of propranolol and sodium valproate as prophylaxis for pediatric migraine without aura, based on IHS criteria. There were no significant differences between these two drugs in all evaluated parameters except for the mean headache frequency per month, which was lower with propranolol than with sodium valproate.",
"Measurements of EPSS by ED physicians were significantly associated with the calculated measurements of LVEF from comprehensive TTE. Subjective visual estimates of GCF, however, demonstrated only moderate agreement with the calculated LVEF. An EPSS measurement greater than 7 mm was uniformly sensitive at identifying patients with severely reduced LVEF.",
"Although the complication rate associated with EBUS-TBNA was found to be low, severe complications, including infectious complications, were observed, and the incidence of device breakage was high. Since the use of EBUS-TBNA is rapidly expanding in Japan, an educational program for its safe performance should be immediately established.",
"Monthly ranibizumab injections lead to a complete VEGF suppression in patients with DME. The long-term stability and the range of suppression times among individuals suggest that some patients could benefit from individual injection intervals.",
"Redo-AVR can be performed with acceptable results in high-risk patients and still serves as the reference standard. Reoperative valve surgery by TA-AVI is feasible and results in comparable short- and mid-term survival.",
"Research performed at the Grodno Regional Clinical Center "Phthisiology" was aimed at studying the dynamics of IFN-gamma and IL-4 in serum of patients with widespread forms of pulmonary tuberculosis, treated by polychemotherapy with the use of cycloferon. Results of the clinical and laboratory evaluation of the effectiveness of the basic course of treatment are presented. A total of 238 patients, including 32 patients with limited forms of the pulmonary tuberculosis and 206 patients had widespread forms of pulmonary tuberculosis, were randomized into the basic group (BG) and comparison group (CG), where 95 CG patients received only polychemotherapy and 111 BG patients received polychemotherapy with the use of cycloferon. Data on the initial levels of cytokines (IFN-gamma and IL-4) in healthy persons and patients with various spread ofa tubercular inflammation in lungs are presented and compared. It is established that, in patients with widespread forms, initially low level of IFN-gamma and high concentration IL-4 (in comparison with the limited forms) shows a severe disbalance between Th1- and Th2-mediated immune response. The administration of cycloferon in the complex therapy of patients with widespread forms leads to an increase in the IFN-gamma concentration at initially low levels (below median level of this cytokine in healthy humans). Activation of the Th1-mediated immune response upon using cycloferon leads to an early elimination of clinical manifestations of the intoxication syndrome, positive roentgenological dynamics, conversion of sputum smear, and successful outcomes of treatment.",
"In a real-world setting, on a nationwide scale, a pharmaco-invasive strategy constitutes a valid alternative to pPCI, with 5-year survival at least equivalent to that of the reference reperfusion method.",
"Aerobic training has no effect on the SBP response to CSM in OADM subjects with V-CSH. Unlike in other neuroautonomic etiologies for fainting, aerobic exercise is not effective as a treatment for V-CSH, at least in the OADM population.",
"null",
"This study suggests that patients who are insufficiently controlled on latanoprost monotherapy, and who are timolol responders, can generally achieve further IOP reduction and similar tolerance levels when changed to DTFC.",
"The mechanism of coronary thrombus formation is a complex phenomenon that involves different cellular components. ARTERIA is a prospective, multicenter study that will include patients presenting with a diagnosis of ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome undergoing thrombus aspiration during an emergency primary percutaneous coronary revascularization. The purpose of the ARTERIA study is to try to clarify whether there is an association between inflammatory markers measured in blood and in intracoronary thrombi and, if any, what set of molecules provides better prognostic information in these patients. Our study will help to elucidate the complex relationship between thrombus and circulating blood.",
"Intravascular ultrasound (IVUS) offers tomographic images of the coronary artery, helping physicians to refine drug-eluting stent (DES) implantation in angiographically complex lesions. However, controversy exists regarding whether the routine use of IVUS in short-length lesions leads to improved clinical outcomes after DES implantation. Therefore, we evaluated the usefulness of IVUS in predicting major adverse cardiac events (MACE), including cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, or target vessel revascularization, at 1 year after DES implantation in short-length lesions. The present study was a subanalysis of the REal Safety and Efficacy of a 3-month dual antiplatelet Therapy following Endeavor zotarolimus-eluting stent implantation (RESET) study with different clinical outcome parameters. The study population consisted of 662 patients with IVUS guidance and 912 patients with angiography guidance who underwent DES implantation (stent length ≤24 mm). In the IVUS-guided group, adjuvant postdilation was more frequently performed (43.0% vs 34.6%, p <0.001), and the postintervention minimal lumen diameters were greater (2.88 ± 0.44 mm vs 2.72 ± 0.43 mm, p <0.001). MACE occurred in 15 IVUS-guided (2.3%) and 19 angiographically guided (2.1%) patients (p = 0.872). In a subset of patients with diabetes mellitus (n = 292), the MACE rate was 3.4% (n = 4) and 1.7% (n = 3) in the IVUS- and angiographically guided patients, respectively (p = 0.384). The MACE rate in the IVUS- and angiographically guided patients with acute coronary syndrome (n = 601) was 1.1% (n = 3) and 2.7% (n = 9), respectively (p = 0.194). The clinical benefits of IVUS-guided DES implantation compared with angiographically guided DES implantation in short-length lesions could not be confirmed even in patients with clinically high-risk presentations (acute coronary syndrome and diabetes mellitus). In conclusion, routine IVUS guidance does not provide clinical benefits when performing short-length DES implantation.",
"POISE-2 is a large international trial that will rigorously evaluate the effects of low-dose clonidine and ASA in patients having noncardiac surgery.",
"null",
"Among patients with type 2 diabetes and recent ACS, use of aleglitazar did not reduce the risk of cardiovascular outcomes. These findings do not support the use of aleglitazar in this setting with a goal of reducing cardiovascular risk.",
"The simultaneous occurrence of cancer and coronary heart disease is increasing in the Western world. Nevertheless, the influence of cancer on ST elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) treated with primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) has not been investigated extensively. This multicenter registry included patients with STEMI treated with primary PCI from 2006 to 2009. Patients were stratified according to history of cancer, and primary focus lay on all-cause and cardiac mortalities during 1-year follow-up. Adjusted effect sizes were calculated using Cox proportional hazard models. In total, 208 patients had a history of cancer (diagnosed ≤6 months ago in 20.7%, 6 months to 3 years ago in 21.7%, and >3 years ago in 57.6%) and 3,215 patients had no history of cancer. Chemotherapy had been administered previously to 23% of patients with cancer. Patients with cancer were older, more frequently women, and more commonly known with previous myocardial infarction or anemia. Reperfusion rates were similar after PCI. Patients with cancer showed greater all-cause (17.4% vs 6.5% in other patients) and cardiac mortalities at 1 year (10.7% vs 5.4% in other patients) because of high early cardiac death (23.8%) in recently diagnosed patients with cancer. After adjustment, a recent cancer diagnosis predicted cardiac mortality at 7 days (hazard ratio 3.34, 95% confidence interval 1.57 to 7.08). The adverse prognosis was partly explained by anemia and occurrence of cardiogenic shock, whereas outcome was independent of cancer treatment. In conclusion, patients with cancer showed greater mortality after STEMI. A cancer diagnosis in the 6 months before primary PCI was strongly associated with early cardiac mortality.",
"The results of this study suggest that, with limited training, bedside thoracic ultrasound image acquisition and interpretation for the sliding lung sign in the HEMS setting is feasible.",
"Controlled-Trials.com ISRCTN14027467.",
"In spite of OMT and irrespective of protocol-assigned or clinically driven PCI, LVEF and angiographic burden of disease at baseline retain prognostic power and reflect residual risk for secondary ischemic events.",
"We demonstrated that EFT and CIMT are increased in patients with psoriasis, and that echocardiographic EFT is closely correlated with CIMT in patients with psoriasis. The echocardiographic assessment of EFT may have the potential to be a simple marker of subclinical atherosclerosis and increased cardiovascular risk in patients with psoriasis.",
"Radical cure of Plasmodium vivax infection applies blood schizontocidal therapy against the acute attack and hypnozoitocidal therapy against later relapse. Chloroquine and primaquine have been used for 60 years in this manner. Resistance to chloroquine by the parasite now requires partnering other blood schizontocides with primaquine. However, the safety and efficacy of primaquine against relapse when combined with other drugs have not been demonstrated. This randomized, open-label, and relapse-controlled trial estimated the efficacy of primaquine against relapse when administered with quinine or dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine for treatment of the acute infection. Among 650 soldiers who had returned to their malaria-free base in Java, Indonesia, after 12 months in malarious Papua, Indonesia, 143 with acute P. vivax malaria were eligible for study. One hundred sixteen enrolled subjects were randomized to these treatments: artesunate (200-mg dose followed by 100 mg/day for 6 days), quinine (1.8 g/day for 7 days) plus concurrent primaquine (30 mg/day for 14 days), or dihydroartemisinin (120 mg) plus piperaquine (960 mg) daily for 3 days followed 25 days later by primaquine (30 mg/day for 14 days). Follow-up was for 12 months. One hundred thirteen subjects were analyzable. Relapse occurred in 32 of 41 (78%) subjects administered artesunate alone (2.71 attacks/person-year), 7 of 36 (19%) administered quinine plus primaquine (0.23 attack/person-year), and 2 of 36 (6%) administered dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine plus primaquine (0.06 attack/person-year). The efficacy of primaquine against relapse was 92% (95% confidence interval [CI] = 81% to 96%) for quinine plus primaquine and 98% (95% CI = 91% to 99%) for dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine plus primaquine. Antirelapse therapy with primaquine begun a month after treatment of the acute attack with dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine proved safe and highly efficacious against relapse by P. vivax acquired in Papua, Indonesia.",
"NNRTI-based ART is associated with increases of TC, LDL-C and HDL-C values in Thai HIV and TB co-infected patients. More favorable lipid profile is observed in NVP-based than EFV-based ART.",
"Patients who failed previous monotherapy remained on therapy longer when switched to latanoprost. Latanoprost's IOP-reducing effect and tolerability were sustained over the long term. Resource utilization and costs were generally similar in those initiating latanoprost or non-PG therapy.",
"Using a large, multicenter cohort, we have developed and validated predictive models that can identify patients at high risk for a poor outcome after TAVR. Although model discrimination was moderate, these models may help guide treatment choices and offer patients realistic expectations of outcomes based on their presenting characteristics.",
"The results of this pilot study do not suggest a beneficial role of an isoflavone-enriched diet in children with hypercholesterolemia.",
"Controlled-Trials.com ISRCTN88705995.",
"The AHACI has improved the system of STEMI care for one of the largest counties in the United States, and it demonstrates the benefits of integrating EMS and hospital data, implementing standardized training and protocols, and providing benchmarking data to hospitals and EMS agencies.",
"The MPI was independently associated with CFR in newly diagnosed diabetic patients. The decrease in CFR may cause LV systolic and diastolic dysfunction in asymptomatic diabetic patients.",
"The safety and efficacy of rivaroxaban vs. warfarin were consistent in patients with moderate renal impairment and preserved renal function.",
"During 1986-1990, 307 percutaneous transthoracic fine-needle biopsies (PTNB) were performed on 224 patients (mean age 63 years, range 27-83) with three types of needles (Nordenström, Vacu-Cut and Franzén). The overall sensitivity regarding malignant disease in central and peripheral pulmonary lesions was 67.0%. In 71 patients with suspected malignancy and a negative PTNB, the examination was repeated and the sensitivity was increased to 79.5%. Each needle had the following sensitivity: Nordenström 67.4%, Vacu-Cut 75.7%, Franzén 75.9%. The overall pneumothorax frequency was 24.7%, being highest with the Nordenström needle. Hemoptysis was seen in 5 examinations. In conclusion, the Franzén and Vacu-Cut needles have a significantly higher sensitivity and a lower complication frequency compared to the Nordenström needle.",
"In an open-label 12-week study, the safety and efficacy of bimatoprost 0.03% was evaluated in 55 patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension inadequately controlled by topical beta-blocker monotherapy. Patients discontinued their topical beta-blocker therapy at the baseline visit and began bimatoprost monotherapy that evening. Study visits were at 6 and 12 weeks postbaseline. Bimatoprost reduced intraocular pressure (IOP) 4.5 mm Hg (21.5%; P < .001) from baseline at week 6 and 4.2 mm Hg (19.6%; P < .001) at week 12. Patients were more likely to achieve low target pressures with bimatoprost than with topical beta-blockers. Conjunctival hyperemia was the most commonly reported adverse event. The findings from this study indicate bimatoprost monotherapy provides a substantially greater IOP reduction than topical beta-blocker therapy and allows more patients to achieve a low target pressure. Bimatoprost is an effective alternative to topical beta-blockers for the treatment of glaucoma and ocular hypertension.",
"In this predictive model for HRQL after AMI, we identified risk factors, including economic and psychological characteristics, associated with HRQL outcomes. Adjusting for these factors substantially altered the rankings of hospitals as compared with unadjusted comparisons. Using this model to compare risk-standardized HRQL outcomes across hospitals may identify processes of care that maximize this important patient-centered outcome.",
"PCSK9 inhibition with AMG 145 enables high-risk patients to achieve established lipid goals. If this therapy demonstrates efficacy for reducing cardiovascular events with a favorable safety profile in ongoing phase 3 trials, we believe it will have major public health implications.",
"The aim of this European Heart Rhythm Association survey was to provide an insight into the current use of remote monitoring for cardiac implantable electronic devices in Europe. The following topics were explored: use of remote monitoring, infrastructure and organization, patient selection and benefits. Centres using remote monitoring reported performing face-to-face visits less frequently. In many centres (56.9%), a nurse reviews all the data and forwards them to the responsible physician. The majority of the centres (91.4%) stated that remote monitoring is best used in patients with implantable cardioverter-defibrillators and those live far from the hospital (76.6% top benefit). Supraventricular and ventricular arrhythmias were reported to be the major events detected earlier by remote monitoring. Remote monitoring will have a significant impact on device management.",
"The analysis of our sample shows that the arrhythmogenic condition is not only provided from diabetic condition per se but it is enhanced in PGC. Infact PGC patients showed higher number of VEBs, often polymorphic, expression of more severe arrhythmic and cardiovascular outcome. This could be partially explained by hyperactivation of autonomic nervous system during metabolic stress (which increases mean heart rate). Moreover more severe diabetic patients may present coronary microangiopathy that can further explain their arrhythmogenic tendency.",
"null",
"One third of the world's population is latently infected with Mycobacterium tuberculosis, and with the lifestyle changes succeeding the on-going urbanization, populations already burdened by tuberculosis are experiencing a dramatic increase in chronic diseases, with diabetes being a serious challenge. Tuberculosis and diabetes are not only becoming co-existing diseases. In fact, the diseases interact, and there is evidence to suggest that especially diabetes disease increases the susceptibility for developing active tuberculosis disease. Furthermore, it is plausible that tuberculosis leads to, either transient or permanent, impairment of the glucose metabolism, which ultimately will turn into diabetes. A number of studies from the Americas, Europe, Asia, and, most lately, from sub-Saharan Africa have reported strong association between tuberculosis and diabetes; on average, the estimated risk of active tuberculosis is thrice as high among people with diabetes. The study from sub-Saharan Africa was conducted in Tanzania and is the basis of this thesis. Based on available evidence on the association between tuberculosis and diabetes, the primary aim of the study was to assess the role of diabetes for tuberculosis risk, manifestations, treatment outcomes and survival in a Tanzanian population of tuberculosis patients and non-tuberculosis neighbourhood controls. The study was conducted in Mwanza City in northern Tanzania, with a population exceeding half a million inhabitants, with tuberculosis and HIV being common infections in the region, but with little knowledge about the prevalence of diabetes. We recruited newly diagnosed pulmonary tuberculosis patients from spring 2006 and continuously till the fall 2009, with all participating in a nutritional intervention running in parallel with the medical tuberculosis treatment. All participants underwent diabetes and HIV testing as well as a series of measurements such as anthropometric, clinical and paraclinical parameters. The population was followed up during treatment (2 and 5 months) to assess treatment outcome as well as after one year to assess their survival status. Based on data from 1,250 tuberculosis patients and 350 neighbourhood controls, we found that 38 and 21%, respectively, had impaired glycaemia, and that the prevalence of diabetes was 17 and 9% among tuberculosis patients and controls, respectively. This difference in prevalence between patients and controls was equivalent to an adjusted odds ratio of more than four, indicating a strong association between tuberculosis and diabetes. Furthermore, we found that diabetes was associated with tuberculosis among both participants with or without HIV co-infection. Despite the strong association, diabetes had only moderate clinical implications when the tuberculosis patients initiated the tuberculosis treatment; the patients with diabetes co-morbidity had a minor elevation in the immune response and more frequently reported to have fever. Furthermore, diabetes did not seem to delay time to sputum conversion during treatment. Nevertheless, diabetes co-morbidity led to impaired treatment outcome with slower recovery of weight and haemoglobin and a more than four times higher mortality rate within the initial phase of tuberculosis treatment. In conclusion, in the African region, the double burden of tuberculosis and diabetes is becoming a major health problem. Although the tuberculosis incidence has stabilized during the last decade, the increasing incidence of diabetes will possibly interfere with tuberculosis control and may, consequently, make the tuberculosis incidence increase again. Future research strategies should focus on enhanced diagnostic tools to identify tuberculosis patients with diabetes co-morbidity, and on the role of disease-disease, drug-disease and drug-drug interactions between tuberculosis and diabetes diseases and treatments.",
"Chloroquine plus primaqine is an inexpensive and highly effective treatment for uncomplicated knowlesi malaria infections in humans and there is no evidence of drug resistance. Further studies using alternative anti-malarial drugs, including artemisinin derivatives, would be desirable to define optimal management strategies for P. knowlesi.",
"ATI-2042 effectively reduced AFB over all doses studied by reducing mean episode duration. A large-scale study will be required to confirm this effect.",
"We designed a 3-month open label trial of melatonin prophylaxis in children with primary headache. After a one month baseline period without receiving preventive drugs, all children received a 3-month course of melatonin, 3 mg, administered orally, at bedtime. A total of 22 children were enrolled (10 boys, mean age 12.2+/-2.6 years, age range 6-16 years), 13 had recurrent migraine without aura, 1 with aura and 8 had chronic tension-type headache. When the trial ended, 14 of the 21 subjects reported that the headache attacks had decreased by more than 50% in respect to baseline and 4 of them reported having no headache attacks. After receiving melatonin for one month one subject dropped out because of excessive daytime sleepiness. Our promising results warrant randomized placebo-controlled trials in children to assess the real effectiveness of melatonin in preventing primary headache.",
"ISRCTN Register 9230163.",
"These results suggest that in prediabetic adults, acute exercise has an immediate and intensity-dependent effect on improving postprandial glycemia and insulin sensitivity.",
"Pheochromocytomas arise sporadically and as a component tumor of the inherited cancer syndromes von Hippel-Lindau disease (VHL), multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2 (MEN 2), and type 1 neurofibromatosis. Germline mutations of the VHL tumor suppressor gene (VHL) are responsible for VHL, and germline RET protooncogene mutations are associated with MEN 2. The present study was conducted to examine a large series of 36 VHL-related pheochromocytomas for somatic VHL and RET gene alterations and loss of heterozygosity (LOH) of markers on chromosome arms 1p, 3p, and 22q. For comparison, the same analyses were performed in 17 sporadic pheochromocytomas. We found no somatic intragenic mutations within VHL and RET in any VHL or sporadic pheochromocytoma, and no pheochromocytoma demonstrated upstream VHL gene hypermethylation. Of interest, we found significantly different LOH frequencies at 3 loci between sporadic and VHL tumors; the more than 91% LOH of markers on 3p and the relatively low frequencies of LOH at 1p and 22q (15% and 21%, respectively) in VHL pheochromocytomas argue for the importance of VHL gene dysregulation and dysfunction in the pathogenesis of almost all VHL pheochromocytomas. In contrast, the relatively low frequency of 3p LOH (24%; P: << 0.0001) and the lack of intragenic VHL alterations compared with the high frequency of 1p LOH (71%; P: = 0.0003) and the moderate frequency of 22q LOH (53%) in sporadic pheochromocytomas argue for genes other than VHL, especially on 1p, that are significant for sporadic tumorigenesis and suggest that the genetic pathways involved in sporadic vs. VHL pheochromocytoma genesis are distinct.",
"This study investigates the release of Neuropeptide Y from eight human pheochromocytomas. Profil immunoreactive Neuropeptide Y (Ir-NPY) levels during the management of surgery were compared with these of norepinephrine (NE) while hemodynamics were monitored. Plasma IrNPY and NE levels increased during tumor manipulation and returned to near normal one hour after operation. However, Ir-NPY levels remained high just after tumor resection while NE levels were significantly decreased. At tumor manipulation and just after tumor resection, plasma Ir-NPY levels were correlated with the systemic vascular resistances (SVR) (r = 0.74; P<0.04 and r = 0.86; P<0.006 respectively). No correlation was found either between plasma Ir-NPY and NE levels or between plasma NE levels and SVR. The release of Ir-NPY from tumor tissue, studied by a superfusion method, exhibited a significant correlation with the plasma Ir-NPY concentrations at the time of corresponding tumor resection (r = 0.95; P<0.007). Chromatographic analysis showed that Ir-NPY in plasma and outflow migrate as human NPY (1-36). These results confirmed that in pheochromocytoma, plasma NPY mainly originates from the tumor and argue for an important role of NPY in pheochromocytoma hypertension as indicated by the correlation between the Ir-NPY levels and the SVR.",
"null",
"Fasting taurine-conjugated BA concentrations are higher in T2D and intermediate in impaired compared with normal glucose-tolerant persons and are associated with fasting and postload glucose. Serum BAs are not altered in T2D in response to improved glycemia. Further study may elucidate whether this pattern of taurine-BA conjugation can be targeted to provide novel therapeutic approaches to treat T2D.",
"LVGLS before discharge after ST-segment-elevation myocardial infarction is independently associated with LV dilatation at follow-up.",
"We carried out a multicenter randomized, placebo-controlled trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of surfactant in the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome. The study population was made up of newborn infants weighing 750 to 1750 g who were receiving assisted ventilation with 40 percent or more oxygen. The eligible infants received a single dose of either surfactant (100 mg of phospholipid per kilogram of body weight [4 ml per kilogram]) or an air placebo (4 ml per kilogram), administered into the trachea within eight hours of birth by an investigator not involved in the clinical care of the infant. When compared with the infants who received the placebo (n = 81), the infants who were treated with surfactant (n = 78) had a 0.12 greater average increase in the ratio of arterial to alveolar oxygen tension (P less than 0.0001), a 0.20 greater average decrease in the fractional inspiratory oxygen concentration (P less than 0.0001), and a 0.26-kPa greater average decrease in the mean airway pressure (P less than 0.0001) during the 72 hours after treatment. Pneumothorax was less frequent among the infants treated with surfactant than in the control group (13 percent vs. 37 percent; P = 0.0005). There were no statistically significant differences between the groups in the proportion of infants in each of five ordered clinical-status categories on day 7 (P = 0.08) or day 28 (P = 0.75) after treatment. There were also no significant differences between the groups in the frequency of bronchopulmonary dysplasia, patent ductus arteriosus, necrotizing enterocolitis, or periventricular-intraventricular hemorrhage. In each group, 17 percent of the infants died by day 28. We conclude that treatment with the single-dose surfactant regimen used in this study reduces the severity of respiratory distress during the 72 hours after treatment and decreases the frequency of pneumothorax, but that it does not significantly improve clinical status later in the neonatal period and does not reduce neonatal mortality. Further study of different surfactant regimens and patient-selection criteria will be required to determine whether this initial improvement can be translated into reductions in mortality or serious morbidity.",
"null",
"Over half the subjects who suffer a cerebrovascular event have a risk factor that has not previously been diagnosed. Campaigns should be carried out to implement detection of these factors, and increased efforts must be made to lower the appearance and recurrence of vascular pathologies.",
"The authors examined the ability of antioxidants to prevent in vitro oxidant damage to the sickle red blood cell (RBC). One millimolar ascorbic acid and alpha-mercaptopropionylglycine significantly (p less than 0.005) protected against RBC Heinz body formation during incubation with acetylphenylhydrazine, while cysteine, cysteamine, and methionine did not. The effect of ascorbic acid was concentration dependent with concentrations as low as 0.1 mM having significant antioxidant effects. Ascorbic acid protected the RBC against hydrogen peroxide induced hemolysis as well (p less than 0.05). Ascorbic acid had a significant stimulatory effect on the rate of glucose oxidation by the pentose phosphate shunt (PPS), especially in the sickle RBC. Ascorbic acid did not protect the RBC from a patient with chronic hemolytic anemia due to G6PDTorrance from Heinz body formation, suggesting that an intact PPS is necessary for ascorbic acid to express its antioxidant properties. These data suggest that clinical trials should be undertaken to examine the efficacy of ascorbic acid in the treatment of SCD.",
"A 3-arm stratified, cluster randomized trial will be conducted to assess whether introducing RDTs with provider training (basic or enhanced) is more cost-effective than current practice without RDTs, and whether there is a difference in the cost effectiveness of the provider training interventions. The primary outcome is the proportion of patients attending facilities that report a fever or suspected malaria and receive treatment according to malaria guidelines. This will be measured by surveying patients (or caregivers) as they exit public and mission health facilities. Cost-effectiveness will be presented in terms of the primary outcome and a range of secondary outcomes, including changes in provider knowledge. Costs will be estimated from a societal and provider perspective using standard economic evaluation methodologies.",
"Patients with chronic migraine (CM) and medication overuse (MO) have high frequency of psychiatric comorbidity. Aims of this open label, prospective, independent study were: to evaluate the efficacy of duloxetine in a sample of patients with MO due to CM and with concomitant depression; to investigate, if the presence of OCD influences the outcome in this subgroup of patients. A total of 50 consecutive patients (40 F,10 M, aged 20-65 years, mean 39.4 years) from those attending our Headache Center to undergo an inpatient withdrawal programme followed by anti-migraine prophylaxis was enrolled. After a 1-month baseline period, all patients were prescribed duloxetine 30 mg in the morning for the first week, and 60 mg for the following 12 weeks. They filled a daily headache diary during the whole study period. They also completed Hamilton depression rating scale (HDRS) and migraine disability assessment scale (MIDAS) at baseline and at the 12-week follow-up. The primary outcome measure was the percentage of responders, i.e. of patients with a reduction ≥50 % in headache frequency as well as in symptomatic drug consumption. Comparison between patients with and without OCD was performed. Our results showed a rather high responder rate in the total sample (64 %), while none of the patients with OCD fell among responders. MIDAS and HDRS scores had a more evident decrease in patients without OSD. These findings suggest that duloxetine may be effective in patients with MO due to CM and with comorbid depression. They also confirm the importance of a systematic assessment of the psychopathological profile in these patients, and indicate that clinicians should be aware of the relevant prognostic role of OCD in favoring a poor outcome and persistent disability in headache patients with MO.",
"We evaluated the effect of long-term topical antiglaucoma drugs on the macula using the noninvasive macular visual field threshold test in 100 eyes of 75 patients with ocular hypertension or primary open-angle glaucoma. We found that topical antiglaucoma agents can alter macular sensitivity after long-term therapy and advise evaluation of the macula in glaucoma patients receiving antiglaucomatous agents.",
"A randomised, double blind trial was carried out in 16 patients undergoing pleurectomy to assess the effect of continuous extrapleural intercostal block on postoperative pain and pulmonary function. Subjective pain relief was assessed on a linear visual analogue scale. Pulmonary function was measured on the day before operation and daily for five days after surgery. Eight patients received bupivacaine and eight placebo (saline). The mean pain scores at 4, 8, 16, and 24 hours were 13.3, 8.5, 6.1, and 10 mm respectively in the bupivacaine group compared with 56.3, 41, 46.7, and 35 in the control group; in addition, the bupivacaine group required less papaveretum. Twenty four hours after surgery mean values of peak expiratory flow, forced expiratory volume in one second, and forced vital capacity were reduced to 82%, 76%, and 76% of preoperative control values in the bupivacaine group, and to 39%, 32%, and 36% in the control group. The speed of recovery of pulmonary function was superior in the bupivacaine group. There were no complications related to the infusion. Continuous extrapleural intercostal nerve blockade with bupivacaine provides safe and effective postoperative analgesia and improves respiratory mechanics after pleurectomy.",
"The ergogenic dose of caffeine required to enhance neuromuscular performance during a single all-out contraction depends on the magnitude of load used. A dose of 3 mg · kg(-1) is enough to improve high-velocity muscle actions against low loads, whereas a higher caffeine dose (9 mg · kg(-1)) is necessary against high loads, despite the appearance of adverse side effects.",
"The author has studied microcirculatory changes in pyo-septic diseases in 112 children, 10 of them--healthy ones (control group). The use of an intense diuresis in complex treatment of severe forms of pyo-septic diseases in children results in a considerable decrease of the blood protheolytic activity and toxicity and allows to interrupt microcirculatory disorders 3 or 4 days earlier than the routine method of detoxication therapy.",
"This study suggests that OAG patients generally can obtain similar IOP control at individual time points (when a Bonferroni correction is considered) by switching to either DTFC or bimatoprost, but overall diurnal control is statistically better with bimatoprost.",
"Recently, we reported that angiotensin II receptor blocker (ARB), valsartan, and calcium channel blocker (CCB), amlodipine, had similar effects on the prevention of cardiovascular disease (CVD) events in diabetic hypertensive patients. We assessed the difference of cardiovascular protective effects between ARB and CCB in patients with and without previous CVD, respectively. A total of 1,150 Japanese diabetic hypertensive patients were randomized to either valsartan or amlodipine treatment arms, which were additionally divided into 2 groups according to the presence of previous CVD at baseline (without CVD, n = 818; with CVD, n = 332). The primary composite outcomes were sudden cardiac death, acute myocardial infarction, stroke, coronary revascularization, or hospitalization for heart failure. The incidence of primary end point events in patients with previous CVD was 3.5-times greater than that in patients without previous CVD (64.1 vs 17.9/1,000 person-years). The ARB- and the CCB-based treatment arms showed similar incidence of composite CVD events in both patients without previous CVD (hazard ratio [HR] 1.35, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.76 to 2.40) and those with previous CVD (HR 0.79, 95% CI 0.48 to 1.31). The ARB-treatment arm showed less incidence of stroke compared with the CCB-based treatment arm in patients with previous CVD (HR 0.24, 95% CI 0.05 to 1.11, p = 0.068), whereas the 2 treatment arms showed similar incidence of stroke in patients without previous CVD (HR 1.52, 95% CI 0.59 to 3.91). In conclusion, the ARB- and the CCB-based treatments exerted similar protective effects of CVD events regardless of the presence of previous CVD. For stroke events, the ARB may have more protective effects than the CCB in diabetic hypertensive patients with previous CVD.",
"In this 4-year follow-up report, patients receiving Astagraf XL and Prograf showed comparable efficacy and safety profiles, with a higher incidence of new-onset diabetes after transplantation but superior renal function compared to patients receiving CsA.",
"Po-husk, apart from lowering LDL-C, also reduced TG, TG related to certain gene variants, TC, Apo B-100, oxLDL, insulin-resistance and systolic BP in mild-moderate hypercholesterolaemic individuals. Thus, the target patients to receive Po-husk would be those who present a cluster of various CVD risk factors, such as metabolic syndrome.",
"It is feasible to administer topical amifostine (WR-2721) to mucosa to prevent radiation-induced oral mucositis, and systemic absorption is negligible. Relatively high concentrations of amifostine in human saliva in vitro were maintained, although some inconsistent changes are observed.",
"In LPeAF, linear lesions in the LA help improve outcome of ablation, additional CTI ablation does not.",
"Tuberculosis (TB) is a global public health problem exacerbated by the HIV epidemic. Here we evaluate a candidate TB vaccine, MVA85A, in a Phase I study in HIV-infected adults in Senegal. 24 patients were enrolled: Group 1∶12, antiretroviral therapy (ART) naïve, adults, with CD4 counts >300 and HIV RNA load <100,000 copies/ml. Group 2∶12 adults, stable on ART, with CD4 counts >300, and an undetectable HIV RNA load. Safety was evaluated by occurrence of local and systemic adverse events (AEs) and by monitoring of CD4 count, HIV RNA load, haematology and biochemistry. Immunogenicity was evaluated by ex-vivo interferon-gamma ELISpot assay. 87.7% of AEs were mild; 11.6% were moderate; and 0.7% were severe. 29.2% of AEs were systemic; 70.8% were expected local AEs. There were no vaccine-related Serious Adverse Events (SAEs) or clinically significant effects on HIV RNA load or CD4 count. In ART naive subjects, the first MVA85A immunisation induced a significant immune response at 1 and 4 weeks post-immunisation, which contracted to baseline by 12 weeks. Durability of immunogenicity in subjects on ART persisted out to 24 weeks post-vaccination. A second dose of MVA85A at 12 months enhanced immunogenicity in ART naïve subjects. Subjects on ART had higher responses after the first vaccination compared with ART naïve subjects; responses were comparable after 2 immunisations. In conclusion, MVA85A is well-tolerated and immunogenic in HIV-infected subjects in Senegal. A two dose regimen in ART naïve subjects is comparable in immunogenicity to a single dose in subjects on ART. Clinicaltrials.gov trial identifier NCT00731471.",
"This study demonstrates that pulmonary epithelial permeability is not altered in PSP patients; the clearance rate of Tc-99m DTPA shows no difference between apical and basal parts of each lung.",
"The relapse/re-infection rate of 17% was determined for P. vivax in Kailali and Kanchanpur districts of Nepal. A heterogeneous Pvcsp genotypic distribution of P. vivax was detected with VK210 being a predominant type, suggesting a complex transmission dynamics of the parasite. Expanding such study in other endemic regions of Nepal would help provide a complete picture on relapse/re-infection rate and parasite genotypic variability that can help in effective control and management of malaria in Nepal.",
"Warfarin is cost-effective compared with aspirin in atrial fibrillation patients age ≥75 years. These data support the anticoagulant therapy option in this high-risk patient population. However, the small differences in costs and effects indicate the importance of exploring patient preferences.",
"Risk factors associated with a poor outcome were gestation < 20 weeks, ventricular rate ≤ 50 bpm, hydrops, and impaired left ventricular function. No significant effect of treatment with fluorinated corticosteroids was seen.",
"Hepcidin levels are high and iron absorption is limited in acute malaria. The mechanism(s) that regulate hepcidin secretion remain undefined. We have measured hepcidin concentration and cytokines in 100 Kenyan children with acute falciparum malaria and different degrees of anemia. Hepcidin was increased on admission and fell significantly one week and one month after treatment. The association of hepcidin with hemoglobin was not linear and hepcidin was very low in severe malarial anemia. Parasite density, IL-10 and IL-6 were significantly associated with hepcidin concentration. Hepcidin response to acute malaria supports the notion of iron sequestration during acute malaria infection and suggests that iron administration during acute malaria is futile. These data suggest iron supplementation policies should take into account the high hepcidin levels and probable poor utilization of iron for up to one week after treatment for the majority of patients with acute malaria.",
"Peer counselling for exclusive breastfeeding did not decrease the prevalence of malaria parasitaemia. Children that had not received Vitamin A supplementation had a higher prevalence of malaria compared to children that had been supplemented.",
"AleCardio will establish whether the PPAR-α/γ agonist aleglitazar improves cardiovascular outcomes in patients with diabetes and high-risk coronary disease.",
"Adenosine is an effective medicine in treating SVT in children. A higher dose of 200 μg/kg may be used as first bolus particularly in children with pre-excitation.",
"Abnormal electroencephalography (EEG) in migraineurs has been reported in several studies. However, few have evaluated EEG findings in migraineurs during a time period when neither the last attack nor the next attack may interact with the results. We, therefore, compared interictal EEG in migraineurs and headache-free subjects with a design controlled for interference by pre-ictal changes. Pre-ictal EEG findings in the painful cranial side during the next attack after registration were also investigated. Correlations between clinical variables and EEG are reported as well. Interictal EEGs from 33 migraineurs (6 with and 27 without aura) and 31 controls were compared. Absolute power, asymmetry and relative power were studied for delta, theta and alpha frequency bands in parieto-occipital, temporal and fronto-central areas. EEG variables were correlated to attack frequency, headache duration, attack duration, pain intensity, photo- and phonophobia. Compared with controls, migraineurs had increased relative theta power in all cortical regions and increased delta activity in the painful fronto-central region. Absolute power and asymmetry were similar among groups. In age-adjusted analyses, headache intensity correlated with increased delta activity. In this blinded controlled study, we found globally increased relative theta activity in migraineurs. A slight interictal brain dysfunction is probably present between attacks.",
"null",
"The current guidelines most strongly support cardiac resynchronization therapy (CRT) for patients with heart failure with a QRS width of ≥150 ms and left bundle branch block (LBBB). Our objective was to assess the potential benefit of echocardiographically guided left ventricular (LV) lead positioning for patients with a QRS width <150 ms or non-LBBB as a substudy of the Speckle Tracking Assisted Resynchronization Therapy for Electrode Region (STARTER) prospective, randomized controlled trial. The STARTER trial randomized 187 patients with heart failure, a QRS of ≥120 ms, and ejection fraction of ≤35% to LV lead guided to the site of latest mechanical activation by speckle tracking radial strain versus routine implantation. The predefined primary end point was heart failure hospitalization or death within 2 years. This substudy included 151 CRT patients with matching echocardiographic and LV lead position data and complete follow-up data. Patients with a QRS width of 120 to 149 ms or non-LBBB and LV lead concordant or adjacent to the site of latest mechanical activation had favorable outcomes after CRT similar to those with LBBB or a QRS width of ≥150 ms. In contrast, patients with a QRS of 120 to 149 ms or non-LBBB and remote LV leads had unfavorable outcomes (hazard ratio 5.45, 95% confidence interval 2.36 to 12.6, p <0.001, and hazard ratio 4.92, 95% confidence interval 2.12 to 11.39, p <0.001, respectively, with significant interaction after adjusting for baseline variables, p = 0.038 and p = 0.008). In conclusion, LV lead positioning with respect to the echocardiographic site of latest activation was significantly associated with more favorable clinical outcomes in patients with a QRS duration <150 ms and/or non-LBBB. Additional prospective study is warranted.",
"Hemodynamic instability occurs frequently after CAS, but it seems to be a benign phenomenon and does not increase the risk of mortality or morbidity in the short term. A VR at rest less than 1.10, baseline autonomic dysfunction, and degree of carotid artery stenosis can be used as measures for predicting HI after CAS.",
"Young children who are US born of foreign-born parents have relatively high rates of TB and account for most cases in this age group. Prompt diagnosis and treatment of adult source cases, effective contact investigations prioritizing young contacts, and targeted testing and treatment of latent TB infection are necessary to reduce TB morbidity in this population.",
"Prophylactic application of the IOP-lowering medication may alter the pain sensation during phacoemulsification cataract surgery.",
"These results suggest that cetuximab can be safely administered as a single agent without risk of effect on QTc interval.",
"Despite evolving success of mini-invasive techniques in treating cardiac arrhythmias in children, pharmaceuticals remain the cornerstone therapeutic option. Beyond conventional antiarrhythmic agents such as amiodarone, local anesthetics, tranquilizers, anticonvulsants, and neuroleptics exhibit antiarrhythmic properties. H(1)-histamine receptor blockers are widely used in treating allergies in children. Observational studies suggest efficacy of these agents for treating or preventing tachyarrhythmias, although prolongation of QT interval, and ventricular arrhythmias occur. We determined safety and efficacy of antihistamine, quifenadine, versus conventional amiodarone on cardiac rhythm in children with frequent premature beats (PB). One hundred and four patients (mean age 10.8 +/- 3.2 years) with ventricular (n = 65), supraventricular (n = 39) PB were randomized 1:1 to quifenadine (2 mg kg(-1) day(-1); n = 54), or amiodarone (9 mg kg(-1) day(-1), n = 50) arms. Both groups were treated for 2 weeks. All patients underwent 24-hour Holter monitoring 3 times: before at 14-28 days after randomization, and during the follow up at 2-3 months. The mean frequency of PB in quifenadine group was 562 +/- 61 per hour and 597 +/- 78 per hour in the amiodarone-treated children. Full antiarrhythmic efficacy (PB < 75% from baseline) has been achieved in 23/54 (43%) of quifenadine-treated patients, which was less than after amiodarone treatment (37/50, 74%, P = 0.02). Quifenadine was mostly beneficial in children with supraventricular PB and/or bradycardia than in those with ventricular PB; it was associated with a trend toward increased heart rate during day (88.5 +/- 8.4 beats/min) and night (67.3 +/- 6.2) compared with amiodarone (79.6 +/- 7.8 and 56.1 +/- 5.7 beats/min, respectively; P = 0.04). The incidence of side effects in quifenadine group (drowsiness and headache) was low (2%) in contrast to the alarming 40% risk associated with amiodarone therapy. Quifanidine exhibits antiarrhythmic activity in children with frequent PB, without significant QT prolongation, or sinus node depression. Although, H(1)-histamine receptor blocker is less potent than amiodarone, much better safety profile of quifenadine is advantageous, especially in children. Future large trials with proving novel antihistamines pleiotropy are warranted.",
"This study suggests that brinzolamide may be safely added to TTFC therapy to provide further significant reduction in IOP patients with ocular hypertensive or primary open-angle glaucoma.",
"Although SCAF is associated with an increased risk of stroke and embolism, very few patients had SCAF in the month before their event.",
"The aim of present study was to compare the efficacy and safety of fixed combination of brimonidine and timolol with individual components used as monotherapy in patients of primary open angle glaucoma. Patients were randomly assigned to receive brimonidine or timolol or brimonidine-timolol fixed combination, with 30 patients in each group. The mean reduction in intraocular pressure in brimonidine, timolol, and brimonidine-timolol group were 4.29 ± 1.97 mm Hg, 4.34 ± 1.21 mm Hg, and 5.54 ± 1.87 mm Hg respectively at 2 weeks and 4.86 ± 1.16 mm Hg, 5.42 ± 1.50 mm Hg, and 7.36 ± 2.58 mm Hg respectively at 6 weeks. When values of mean reduction in intraocular pressure were compared between brimonidine-timolol fixed combination with brimonidine and timolol, it was found to be statistically significant ( P < 0.05) at 2 weeks and highly significant (0.001) at 6 weeks. The overall frequency of adverse effects was similar in all three groups.",
"In infants born at 25-to-28-weeks' gestation, early nasal CPAP did not significantly reduce the rate of death or bronchopulmonary dysplasia, as compared with intubation. Even though the CPAP group had more incidences of pneumothorax, fewer infants received oxygen at 28 days, and they had fewer days of ventilation. (Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry number, 12606000258550.).",
"Survival in ASA-treated patients was similar to that in the background population. The number of RFs, including the prevalence of NSVT, was markedly reduced by ASA and the incidence of SCD was correspondingly low. Thus, clinically applied ASA was safe.",
"Our results indicate that pretreatment with flurbiprofen might prevent MTS.",
"The aim of the study was to evaluate quantitatively ictal and interictal phonophobia in episodic migraine (EM). We included subjects with EM and age- and gender-matched controls. Sound stimuli were pure tones at frequencies of 1000, 4000 and 8000 Hz. Sound aversion thresholds (SATs) were determined as the minimal sound intensity perceived as unpleasant or painful. Migraineurs were examined both between and during attacks. We compared interictal SATs in migraineurs with those in controls. We also compared ictal and interictal SATs in migraineurs. Sixty migraineurs and 52 controls were included. Interictal mean SAT of migraineurs, averaged for the three frequencies, was significantly lower than that of controls [90.4 (0.8) dB vs. 105.9 (1.1) dB, respectively, P < 0.0001]. In migraineurs, mean ictal SAT, averaged for the three frequencies, was significantly lower than interictal SAT [76.0 (0.9) dB vs. 91.0 (0.8) dB, respectively, P < 0.0001]. Patients with EM exhibit increased sound aversion between attacks that is further augmented during an acute attack.",
"Both brinzolamide and levobetaxolol were well tolerated. Both drugs provided clinically relevant IOP reductions for patients not on a previous medication, although efficacy is, in part, contingent upon diagnosis.",
"Apical ballooning syndrome (ABS), migraine, and Raynaud phenomenon are characterized by female predominance, identifiable triggers, and, likely, vascular dysfunction. Estrogen deficiency, such as in menopause, is considered to be a predisposing factor for ABS. We investigated the association of ABS with migraine, Raynaud phenomenon, and hormonal factors. We compared 25 consecutive residents (all women) of Olmsted County, Minnesota, presenting with ABS, to 2 age-matched control groups from the same community: 25 women presenting with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI), matched for the index ABS event date, and 50 women with neither diagnosis. The patients with ABS were more likely to have a migraine history (11 [44%] vs 4 [16%] STEMI controls, p = 0.031, and vs 6 [12%] population controls, p = 0.003), and "possible migraine" (including other headache syndromes suggestive of migraine; 15 [60%] vs 6 [24%] STEMI controls, p = 0.012; and vs 12 [24%] population controls, p = 0.003). Of the patients with ABS, 4 (16%) had Raynaud phenomenon compared to no STEMI controls and 1 (2%) population control (p = 0.038). No differences were present in parity, menopausal status, years since the onset of menopause, and frequency of oophorectomy. Current hormonal replacement therapy use was greater in those with ABS than in the population controls: 4 (16%) versus none (p = 0.002). In conclusion, the association of ABS with migraine and Raynaud phenomenon supports a role of vasomotor dysfunction in the pathogenesis of ABS. The absence of an association with reproductive characteristics and the finding that ABS occurred despite exogenous hormonal use in some patients suggests that estrogen deficiency per se is not the primary factor in the pathophysiology.",
"Amiodarone and sotalol facilitated successful electrocardioversion, which could be achieved in a stepwise fashion. Upon achievement of successful electrocardioversion, amiodarone is superior to placebo, and sotalol has a lesser effect. Antiarrhythmic drugs had no effect on the total number of energy step use in patients who had successful electrocardioversion. Calcium channel blockers had no influence on the success rate in achieving sinus rhythm. Successful electrocardioversion was associated with lower BMI and AF history < or =1 year. Lower energy use was associated with biphasic shocks, lower BMI, and AF duration < or =1 year.",
"The routine use of CT in asymptomatic pediatric patients with a suspicious mechanism of blunt trauma injury is not justified.",
"The unloaded failing myocardium responded to physical training by enhancing thyroid hormone signalling. This response was associated with an up-regulation of Akt and suppression of JNK activation.",
"Owing to better availability and accessibility of imaging procedures, the number of incidentally discovered phaeochromocytoma is increasing and reaches nearly 30% in our study population. Every adrenal incidentaloma should be investigated for the presence of phaeochromocytoma.",
"Treatment responses in type 2 diabetic patients were related to baseline factors, although treatment effects (ezetimibe/simvastatin being more effective than atorvastatin) remained consistent. The presence of predictive factors should be considered in planning lipid-altering therapy.",
"Intravitreal injections of bevacizumab seem to reduce NVI and IOP in NVG and may be considered as an adjunct to more definitive surgical procedures for NVG.",
"Patients in the pleurectomy group had a longer operation duration (mean, 81.4 minutes vs 55.8 minutes, P < 0.001), a greater amount of operation bleeding (mean, 29.4 mL vs 13.2 mL, P = 0.025), and a greater amount of postoperative chest drainage (mean, 287.4 mL vs 195.8 mL, P = 0.040). Patients in the abrasion/minocycline group had a higher intensity of chest pain and required more frequent meperidine injections. Hemothorax occurred in 3 pleurectomy patients (3.8%). The short-term results showed that the 2 groups had comparable durations of postoperative chest drainage, durations of postoperative hospital stay, and complication rates. After a mean follow-up of 26.1 months, recurrent ipsilateral pneumothorax occurred in 3 patients (3.8%) in the pleurectomy group and 3 patients (3.8%) in the abrasion/minocycline group. Postoperative long-term residual chest pain and pulmonary function were comparable in both groups.",
"Both GLS and MD were significantly and independently related to SCD/VA in these patients with acute MI and, in particular, GLS improved risk stratification above and beyond existing risk factors.",
"Malaria was expected to be a major problem during blood donation in Turkey due to existence of malaria cases in southeastern region of Turkey. The present study aimed for the first time, to investigate malaria in "donors deferred for malaria risk" and to determine the regional rates of malaria deferral in Turkey. Blood samples were collected from several Blood Banks of southeastern provinces where local malaria cases still exist and from Blood Bank of Ege University Medical School (EUMS) located in western Turkey where malaria is eradicated decades ago. Plasmodium spp. and specific antibodies were investigated by stained smears, antigen detection, PCR and ELISA. Among the donors deferred for malaria risk, Plasmodium spp. were not detected by microscopy, PCR or antigen detection. Seroprevalances were 2% and 3.92% in western and southeastern regions, respectively. Rate of donor deferral for malaria risk was 0.9% in EUMS and deferrals were exclusively because of travel to southeastern Turkey. In southeastern provinces, deferrals were mainly due to malaria like fever history. The present study first time assessed regional rates of donor deferral due to malaria risk in Turkey. Previously, malaria was expected to be a major problem during blood donation in Turkey due to existence of malaria cases in southeastern region of Turkey. The results of the study showed that 97% of the deferrals were unnecessary. In conclusion, to reduce unnecessary donor deferrals in Turkey, in addition to comprehensive questioning for malaria history, the usage of a malaria antibody screening method should be initiated prior to deferral decision.",
"In LPeAF, linear lesions in the LA help improve outcome of ablation, additional CTI ablation does not.",
"In patients with ST-segment-elevation myocardial infarction, adjunctive exenatide therapy with primary percutaneous coronary intervention was associated with reduction of infarct size and improvement of subclinical left ventricular function.",
"(1) A PASS score of <4 predicted benign pheochromocytomas. (2) All malignant pheochromocytomas had a PASS score >/=6, which was significantly higher compared with the benign lesions. Patients with a PASS score >/=4 should be followed closely for recurrence. (3) p53, Bcl-2, mdm-2, cyclin D1, p21, and p27 appear to have no role in predicting the behavior of pheochromocytomas. Ki-67 may help identify those neoplasms at risk for recurrence by prompting the pathologist to look aggressively for adverse histologic features.",
"This will be the first prospective study of a novel oral anticoagulant in the setting of cardioversion. It will provide important information regarding the use of rivaroxaban in the periods preceding and after cardioversion in a broad patient population.",
"There was no between-group difference for the primary endpoint, headache episodes. However, significant reductions from baseline were observed for onabotulinumtoxinA for headache and migraine days, cumulative hours of headache on headache days and frequency of moderate/severe headache days, which in turn reduced the burden of illness in adults with disabling chronic migraine.",
"TAVI was comparable to SAVR at LV reverse remodelling and superior at reducing the valvular pressure gradient and MF. Future work should assess the prognostic importance of reverse remodelling and fibrosis post-TAVI to aid patient selection.",
"KC reduces bradycardia and oxygen desaturation events in preterm infants, providing physiological stability and possible benefits for neurodevelopmental outcomes.",
"Basal insulin therapy could be used in diabetic patients undergoing elective major and medium surgery during whole perioperative period. Basal insulin therapy strategy, including a single injection of basal insulin and basal insulin plus preprandial insulin injection subcutaneously, is superior to premixed insulin therapy in the perioperative blood glucose management, and it could be viewed as the best choice in glucose control during perioperative period.",
"In our study, awake video-assisted thoracoscopic bullectomy with pleural abrasion proved easily feasible and resulted in shorter hospital stays and reduced procedure-related costs while providing equivalent outcome to procedures performed under general anesthesia.",
"This study shows that complete mitral leaflet preservation at the native anatomical position during MVR is feasible in rheumatic patients with an enlarged left ventricular chamber and confers significant short-term and long-term advantages by preserving left ventricular function and geometry. Therefore, it is a safe, simple, and effective surgical technique and should be individualized during clinical use.",
"By 6 months, atrial fibrillation had been detected in 8.9% of patients in the ICM group (19 patients) versus 1.4% of patients in the control group (3 patients) (hazard ratio, 6.4; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.9 to 21.7; P<0.001). By 12 months, atrial fibrillation had been detected in 12.4% of patients in the ICM group (29 patients) versus 2.0% of patients in the control group (4 patients) (hazard ratio, 7.3; 95% CI, 2.6 to 20.8; P<0.001).",
"Pyronaridine-artesunate was noninferior to mefloquine plus artesunate for the primary outcome: adequate clinical and parasitologic response in the per-protocol population on day 28, corrected for reinfection with the use of polymerase-chain-reaction (PCR) genotyping. For this outcome, efficacy in the group receiving pyronaridine-artesunate was 99.2% (743 of 749 patients; 95% confidence interval [CI], 98.3 to 99.7) and that in the group receiving mefloquine plus artesunate was 97.8% (360 of 368 patients; 95% CI, 95.8 to 99.1), with a treatment difference of 1.4 percentage points (95% CI, 0.0 to 3.5; P=0.05). In the intention-to-treat population, efficacy on day 42 in the group receiving pyronaridine-artesunate was 83.1% (705 of 848 patients; 95% CI, 80.4 to 85.6) and that in the group receiving mefloquine plus artesunate was 83.9% (355 of 423 patients; 95% CI, 80.1 to 87.3). In Cambodia, where there were 211 study patients, the median parasite clearance time was prolonged for both treatments: 64 hours versus 16.0 to 38.9 hours in other countries (P<0.001, on the basis of Kaplan-Meier estimates). Kaplan-Meier estimates of the recrudescence rate in the intention-to-treat population in Cambodia until day 42 were higher with pyronaridine-artesunate than with mefloquine plus artesunate (10.2% [95% CI, 5.4 to 18.6] vs. 0%; P=0.04 as calculated with the log-rank test), but similar for the other countries combined (4.7% [95% CI, 3.3 to 6.7] and 2.8% [95% CI, 1.5 to 5.3], respectively; P=0.24). Elevated levels of aminotransferases were observed in those receiving pyronaridine-artesunate. Two patients receiving mefloquine plus artesunate had seizures.",
"This study assesses the surgical stress of laparoscopic adrenalectomy (LA) in patients with pheochromocytoma using catecholamine and cytokine. The study was conducted on one patient who had laparoscopic adrenalectomy performed for pheochromocytoma, and three patients as controls who had undergone laparoscopic cholecystectomy (LC) for cholecystolithiasis. Catecholamines, tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFalpha) and interleukin 6 (IL-6) were measured at 30-minute intervals intraoperatively, and on the first, third and fifth postoperative days (POD) respectively. Plasma TNFalpha and IL-6 were measured by a commercially available sandwich enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay test. During the operation. changes of catecholamine concentration in LA were far larger than those in LC. The changes of TNFalpha concentration in LA were also larger than those in LC. TNFalpha returned to basal value at the end of the operation in LC, but it did not in LA. TNFalpha concentration in LC changed a little after the surgery, whereas that in LA sharply increased and was maintained at a high level from 1 POD until 5 POD. Enhanced cytokine responses were observed in LA compared to LC during and after the surgery. We concluded that laparoscopic adrenalectomy may give those patients with pheochromocytoma more surgical stress than laparoscopic cholecystectomy for cholecystolithiasis, during and after the operation.",
"In severe paediatric malaria intravenous Quinine or intramuscular Artemether therapy does not have any statistically significant difference in terms of fever clearance but Quinine has statistically significant shorter duration of coma resolution than with Artemether therapy after 24 hours of treatment.",
"This intracellular mutation can initiate the full spectrum of MEN2a, initiates MTC at an early age, and causes recurrence and death if undertreated. We recommend stringent adherence to established guidance in MEN2a in this rare mutation.",
"ChAd63-MVA ME-TRAP is a safe and highly immunogenic vaccine regimen in adults with prior exposure to malaria. Further clinical trials to assess safety and immunogenicity in children and infants and protective efficacy in the field are now warranted.",
"Most pheochromocytomas with ectopic secretion are neither malignant nor familial. Most ectopic hormone-secreting pheochromocytoma cause hypercortisolemia. Patients with a pheochromocytoma should be worked up for ectopic hormones, because removal of the pheochromocytoma resolves those symptoms. Associated cortisol secretion needs careful attention.",
"Combining IPTc and HMM can provide significant additional benefit in preventing clinical episodes of malaria as well as anaemia among children in Senegal.",
"The goal of the CHAMP study is to obtain level 1 evidence for the effectiveness of amitriptyline and topiramate in the prevention of migraine in children and adolescents. If this study proves to be positive, it will provide information to the practicing physician as how to best prevent migraine in children and adolescents and subsequently improve the disability and outcomes.",
"Eye care providers often did not use collaborative goal setting or conduct individualized assessments of patient views on glaucoma when prescribing treatment for the first time.",
"The DCM-associated FHOD3 variant may cause DCM by interfering with actin filament assembly.",
"This study suggests that a well-functioning trabeculectomy provides a statistically lower mean, peak, and range of IOP for the 24-hour day than maximum tolerated medical therapy in advanced glaucoma patients.",
"null",
"Age ≥50 years and the use of immunosuppressants are risk factors for opportunistic infections in patients with IBD. In our cohort, tuberculosis was not seen as a complication of immunosuppressant therapy.",
"Symptoms of CA in migraine were associated with current anxiety, depression, and several chronic pain conditions. A graded relationship was observed between number of allodynic symptoms and the number of pain conditions, even after adjusting for confounding factors. This study also presents the novel association of CA symptoms with younger age of migraine onset, and with cigarette smoking, in addition to confirming several previously reported findings.",
"Preservative-free tafluprost maintained IOP at the same level as latanoprost, but was better tolerated in patients having signs or symptoms while on preserved latanoprost. Preservative-free tafluprost treatment resulted in improved QoL, increased patient satisfaction and drop comfort.",
"Our findings suggest that the RV may have an important role in determining the antiarrhythmic effect of CRT independent of the effect of the device on the left ventricle.",
"Low dose of honey can be a valuable sugar substitute for patients with diabetes.",
"We evaluated a hypothesis that thrombus aspiration with distal protection is superior to simple thrombus aspiration in patients treated with primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). A total of 176 consecutive patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction were enrolled in this study and assigned to either the thrombus aspiration group (A, n = 104) or the thrombus aspiration with distal protection group using a filter device system (A + DP, n = 72). We compared the angiographic reperfusion grade, left ventricular (LV) function, and clinical outcomes between the 2 groups. There were no significant differences in age, gender distribution, the onset-to-reperfusion time, the peak levels of creatine kinase, or 6-month mortality between the 2 groups. The rate of achieving a Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction flow grade of 3 and a myocardial blush grade of 3 was higher in the A + DP group than in the A group. Among the patients who underwent follow-up catheterization 6 months after PCI (A, n = 62; A + DP, n = 52), there were no significant differences in the LV end-diastolic volume index, LV end-systolic volume index, or LV ejection fraction between the 2 groups at the time of PCI or 6 months after PCI. In conclusion, thrombus aspiration with distal protection may be more effective in initially restoring the coronary blood flow than thrombus aspiration alone, although it may not be superior to thrombus aspiration in preventing LV remodeling or preserving the LV function in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction.",
"null",
"Glucose fluctuations during the acute phase of AMI affect MSI, indicating that manipulation of glucose variability from peak to nadir might be a potential therapeutic target for salvaging ischemic damage.",
"The incidence of the first or only episode of clinical malaria in the intention-to-treat population during the 14 months after the first dose of vaccine was 0.31 per person-year in the RTS,S/AS01 group and 0.40 per person-year in the control group, for a vaccine efficacy of 30.1% (95% confidence interval [CI], 23.6 to 36.1). Vaccine efficacy in the per-protocol population was 31.3% (97.5% CI, 23.6 to 38.3). Vaccine efficacy against severe malaria was 26.0% (95% CI, -7.4 to 48.6) in the intention-to-treat population and 36.6% (95% CI, 4.6 to 57.7) in the per-protocol population. Serious adverse events occurred with a similar frequency in the two study groups. One month after administration of the third dose of RTS,S/AS01, 99.7% of children were positive for anti-circumsporozoite antibodies, with a geometric mean titer of 209 EU per milliliter (95% CI, 197 to 222).",
"Premenstrual syndrome (PMS) affects most women during their reproductive life. Headache is regarded as a typical symptom of PMS and, close to menses, migrainous women could experience their worst migraine attacks. Vitex agnus-castus (VAC) is a phytopharmaceutical compound, considered worldwide to be a valid tool to treat PMS. Aim of this study is to explore if headache is ameliorate in migrainous women treated with VAC for PMS by an open-label clinical observation. Migrainous women with PMS were enrolled in the study and advised to assume a treatment with VAC (40 mg/day) for PMS for a 3-month period. Effects both on PMS and headache were assessed. Out of 107 women, 100 completed the 3-month treatment for PMS. Out of them, 66 women reported a dramatic reduction of PMS symptoms, 26 a mild reduction, and 8 no effect. Concerning migraine, 42 % of patients experienced a reduction higher than 50 % in frequency of monthly attacks, and 57 % of patients experienced a reduction higher than 50 % in monthly days with headache. No patients reported remarkable side effects. Pending a placebo-controlled trial to confirm our results, we observed that the use of VAC in migrainous women affected by PMS resulted to be safe and well tolerated, and may positively influence the frequency and duration of migraine attacks.",
"The used, combination AS+SP is effective and the other combination AM+LF might be an alternative, if needed.",
"Myocardial tissue-derived SCN5A variant expression levels strongly correlated with circulating WBC samples for both VC and VD variants (r = 0.78 and 0.75, respectively). After controlling for covariates, patients with HF who had received an appropriate ICD intervention had higher expression levels of both WBC-derived SCN5A variants compared with patients with HF with ICDs who had not received appropriate ICD intervention (odds ratio, 3.25; 95% CI, 1.64-6.45; p = 0.001). Receiver operating characteristic analysis revealed that circulating SCN5A variant levels were highly associated with the risk for appropriate ICD intervention (area under the curve ≥0.97).",
"ABPM (ambulatory blood pressure monitoring) has been considered to be a useful tool for the diagnosis and management of arterial hypertension and is a better predictor of future cardiovascular events as compared with conventional office-based BP measurements. Despite its potential values, ABPM is not yet widely used in many clinical offices mainly because of lack of knowledge and unavailability. Aims of this preliminary study are to determine the control of hypertension and circadian BP characteristics in patients referred to our Centre whom we enrolled in the "HRKMAT" Study-Croatian Registry of ABPM. Although patients included in HRKMAT Study had other risk factors for cardiovascular diseases, in this paper we analyzed differences between hypertensive diabetics (N = 20) and nondiabetics (N = 57). 24-hours ABPM was performed with an automated oscillometric device Mobil-O-Graph NG Vers.20 and office BP using mercury sphygmomanometer. Average office BP was 139/90 mmHg, and average 24h ABPM was 130/82 mmHg. Majority of hypertensive patients used antihypertensive drugs (79.2%). Diabetic patients had higher systolic BP but lower diastolic BP. There were no statistically significant differences in dipping status, but earlier BP surge was noticed in reverse diabetic dippers than in reverse non-diabetic dippers. Though no significant, there was higher prevalence of WCH ("white coat hypertension") in diabetics, and we found MH (masked hypertension) in only two patients. These are preliminary results on ABPM from our centre and of HRKMAT registry. Further and more valuable data and results are awaited from the main HRKMAT database.",
"Insufficient IOP control and adverse drug reactions are the two main reasons for changing first-line treatment in patients with POAG or OH. After 2 years, second-line treatment with latanoprost, as monotherapy or combined with timolol, provides superior safety and persistency to treatment at an acceptable cost.",
"Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN99046537.",
"Pressure release situated at 21.65%, with initial medium IOP at 23.95, and a final value of 17.51; p <0.0001. The aspect of the visual field suffered no negative transformations and no improvements either. The MD and PD parameters were recorded. CONCLUSIONS Beta-blockers can be efficient in monotherapy by offering the reduction and stabilisation of IOP. No problems with regard to tolerability in the eyes observed; no negative side effects emerged because it was not administered to patients which suffered from heart diseases or bronchial asthma. However, patient satisfaction is reduced by an administration of twice a day.",
"The results of this study suggest that flutter valve drainage bag is a safe and feasible system in the most cases when pleural drainage is needed in the treatment of pneumothorax and pleural effusion.",
"The absence of a statistically significant difference in IOP reduction between the 2 groups may be due to the small number of patients included. However, a single dose of 0.05% flunarizine significantly reduced IOP when compared with baseline values, whereas this was not observed with placebo.",
"It seems that topical verapamil has a similar effect to timolol in patients with open-angle glaucoma, so it can be considered as a lowering intraocular pressure agent in glaucoma patients.",
"null",
"The Wellcome Trust and National Institutes of Health.",
"Purpose was to study efficiency and safety of mexidol in combined therapy in patients with primary open-angle glaucoma (POAG). 94 patients (185 eyes) at the age of 18-75 years old with POAG I-III stages were divided into 3 groups: 50 patients received combined therapy of mexidol 100 mg and picamilon 150 mg, 22 patients received combined therapy of mexidol 300 mg and picamilon 150 mg, 22 patients received only picamilon 150 mg. All medicine was administered qd during 14 or 21 days. Examination included standard ophthalmologic methods, perimetry, electroretinography, retinal and optic nerve heard arterial blood flow. Improvement of visual acuity, perimetric, electrofisiological indicies and increased blood flow velocity of central retinal artery were registrated. Combined mexidol therapy allows improving results in treatment of patients with POAG.",
"The NERS score II, similar to the conventional NERS score, is more predictive of MACE than the SYNTAX score in UPLMCA patients after implantation of a DES.",
"Patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) have a higher incidence of infections, and those with bacteremia are more prone to develop sepsis and infective endocarditis (IE). Nevertheless, data concerning the impact of DM on the prognosis of patients with IE are limited and sometimes contradictory. We examined the impact of DM on the inhospital outcome of left-sided IE in a large cohort of patients. We studied 594 consecutive episodes of left-sided IE diagnosed at 3 tertiary care centers. They were divided into 2 groups: episodes in patients with DM (n = 114) and episodes in patients without DM (n = 480). We retrospectively analyzed the influence of DM therapy on patient outcome. Compared to patients without DM, patients with DM were older (67 ± 10 vs. 60 ± 15 yr; p < 0.001), less frequently male (53.5% vs. 67.9%; p = 0.004), and more commonly had chronic renal failure (23.9% vs. 6.9%; p < 0.001) and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (14.6% vs. 7.8%; p = 0.019). Enterococcus (14.9% vs. 7.4%; p = 0.011) and Streptococcus bovis (8.8% vs. 3.8%; p = 0.024) were isolated more frequently. In the univariable analysis, septic shock (29.2% vs. 16.4%; p = 0.005) and mortality (43.5% vs. 30.0%; p = 0.008) were more common among patients with DM than in those without. Considering the different treatments for DM, septic shock (33.3%; p = 0.011) and death (50.8%; p = 0.012) were more frequent in patients receiving oral medication to treat diabetes than in patients with the other treatment modalities. However, multivariable analysis showed that DM had an independent association with development of septic shock (OR 2.282; 95% CI 1.186-4.393), but it was not a predictor of inhospital mortality.Staphylococci were the most frequently involved microorganisms in all patients; however, Enterococcus and Streptococcus bovis were more frequently isolated from individuals with DM and left-sided IE, whereas viridans group streptococci were more commonly isolated from those with left-sided IE who did not have DM. DM was independently associated with the development of septic shock, but it was not an independent predictor of inhospital mortality in patients with left-sided IE.",
"Results from our investigation suggest that radiofrequency ablation of AF in patients with Barlow disease undergoing MVR for severe regurgitation is effective and should be considered in every patient with Barlow disease and AF undergoing valve surgical repair.",
"A single 25-mg dose of intravenous topiramate caused minimal infusion site or systemic adverse effects in patients taking oral topiramate. Pharmacokinetic results show that oral topiramate is completely absorbed and that its steady-state elimination half-life is longer than previously assumed, which permits once or twice daily dosing even in the presence of enzyme-inducing drugs. The information from this study can inform the design of subsequent studies in adults, older children, and newborns, including controlled clinical trials intended to determine the efficacy and safety of intravenous topiramate for neonatal seizures.",
"Lower blood concentrations are being attained in children receiving PZA doses under the existing weight band system of RNTCP of India. The weight bands may need to be revised and dose recommendations be based on pharmacokinetic and efficacy data in children.",
"The plasma level of adiponectin (CAS 1070484-33-1), known as an anti-atherogenic adipocytokine, inversely correlates with the progression of atherosclerosis. The reported effects of statins on the serum level of adiponectin include significant increases in the adiponectin levels caused by pravastatin (CAS 81131-70-6). In this study, increasing the dosage of pravastatin was investigated to determine whether it had a clearly favorable effect on the adiponectin level in hypercholesterolemic patients. A total of 26 mild hypercholesterolemic and hypertensive patients were enrolled in this study. The patients were initially treated with pravastatin 10 mg/day for 6 months or more, and then increased to pravastatin 20 mg/day. Serum adiponectin, cholesterol fractionated components, and lipoprotein components were evaluated after 6 months. Increasing the dose of pravastatin from 10 to 20 mg/day caused the low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels to decrease (from 130 to 104 mg/dL, p < 0.001), and thereafter the serum adiponectin levels, particularly the high-molecular-weight adiponectin levels significantly increased (from 10.9 to 12.6 microg/mL, p = 0.022; from 6.6 to 7.6 microg/mL, p = 0.022, respectively). Pravastatin increased the serum adiponectin level after increasing the dosage from 10 to 20 mg/day. It remains possible, however, that the difference was due not only to pharmacologic effects, but also to other specific characteristics such as the subject characteristics, viz.; race, body size, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, etc.",
"US National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.",
"The majority of injection-experienced patients reported the pre-assembled, single-use sumatriptan auto-injector to be an easy-to-use, preferred treatment for an acute migraine attack. The study found the auto-injector to be safe and well tolerated, with levels of injection site reactions that were mild and infrequent.",
"Patients with AMI and AF/FL portend a poor prognosis in the long-term chiefly because of an excess of SD. Treatment with ACE-inhibitors and digitalis may have long-term beneficial effects on SD.",
"A total of 370 laparoscopic adrenalectomies, including 311 transperitoneal (TP) and 59 retroperitoneal (RP) approaches, were performed in nine urologic centers, where the laparoscopic adrenalectomy was first begun independently in Japan, and their affiliated hospitals between January 1992 and September 1996. The clinical diagnoses of those 370 adrenal diseases were primary aldosteronism in 155 patients, Cushing's syndrome in 61. preclinical Cushing's syndrome in 21. pheochromocytoma in 16, nonfunctioning adenoma in 87, complicated cyst in ten, myelolipoma in nine, adrenal cancer in four and other diagnoses in eight (table 1). There was no mortality in this series. Intraoperative complication rate was 33/370 (9%) in total: 26/311(8%) in the TP procedures and 7/59 (12%) in the RP procedures (table 11). Postoperative complication rate was 24/370 (6%) in total: 22/311 (7%) in the TP procedures and 2/59 (3%) in the RP ones (table 111). Conversion rates to open surgery in total, in the TP and in the RP procedures were 13/370 (3.5%), 10/311 (3.2%) and 3/59 (5.1 %). respectively (table IV). Although the RP procedure has a lower morbidity rate compared to the TP procedure, more skill is required to overcome the drawback of the narrow working space and fewer anatomical landmarks.",
"The preparation for phaeochromocytoma surgery is a matter of debate. Pre-operative blockade of alpha-1 receptors is increasingly employed in an attempt to reduce the risk of hypertensive episodes, especially during manipulation of the tumour. In this study, we compared the interest of an almost complete blockade of these receptors by high doses of urapidil in comparison with that of moderate doses of this drug. The study was conducted in two consecutive series of 18 patients, the first treated by a moderate dose, and the second by the highest dose tolerated by the patient. The two groups were comparable in other respects. All patients were operated under laparoscopy by the same surgeon and managed by the same anaesthetist using the same protocol. The number of hypertensive peaks was significantly reduced using the high dose of urapidil, with no more hypotensive episodes after tumour removal in this group. The area under the curve of norepinephrine levels as a function of time was significantly larger with the high doses of urapidil, arguing in favour of a more complete blockade of alpha-1 receptors. Our findings indicate the value of aggressive blockade of alpha-1 receptors in preparation for surgery of phaeochromocytoma.",
"null",
"Education relating to eye drop instillation technique is significantly associated with a patient's ability to instil drops correctly. The assessment of a patient's ability to instil eye drops correctly should be a routine part of the glaucoma examination.",
"In patients with AF after an MI, an anti-arrhythmic drug-based rhythm control strategy is associated with excess 45-day mortality compared with a rate control strategy, but is not associated with increased mortality outside of the immediate peri-infarct period. These results potentially identify a patient population in whom the use of anti-arrhythmic drug therapy may portend an increased risk of death.",
"During tachycardia, neither of the 2 apps consistently determined an accurate heart rate at rates >200 bpm. The apps tested should not be considered an accurate tool for assessment of heart rates during SVT in pediatric patients. Select apps may have utility detecting slower SVT or confirming normal heart rates with further validation.",
"A substantial amount of money can be saved in primary care without compromising the quality of care by using recommended first-line drugs for the treatment diabetes, hypertension and hypercholesterolaemia.",
"The lung biopsy tract plug significantly reduced rates of pneumothorax in patients undergoing CT-guided lung biopsy. Rates of chest tube placement and postprocedure hospital admission were also reduced.",
"There was a nonsignificant increase in MI with dabigatran compared with warfarin, but other myocardial ischemic events were not increased. Treatment effects of dabigatran were consistent in patients at higher and lower risk of myocardial ischemic events.",
"Umbilical TSIH is highly prevalent. This study identified several factors that could be useful to introduce preventive measures in high-risk patients.",
"Repaglinide and metformin achieved comparable efficacy in improving glycaemic control, reducing glycaemic variability, enhancing insulin sensitivity and ameliorating β-cell function. Therefore, repaglinide is an optional agent for initial therapy in Chinese patients with newly diagnosed T2DM.",
"Artesunate (100 mg)/lumefantrine (480 mg) fixed-dose combination could add one more option to currently available artemisinin combinations in treatment of uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria.",
"This study confirms that surgical deactivation of peripheral migraine headache trigger sites is an effective alternative treatment for patients who suffer from frequent moderate to severe migraine headaches that are difficult to manage with standard protocols.",
"MMPs are elevated in TB patients and associate with disease severity. This matrix-degrading phenotype resolves rapidly with treatment. The MMP profile at presentation correlates with a delayed treatment response.",
"Passive drainage did not reduce hospital stay, but was as safe and effective as the active system in draining the pleural cavity after uncomplicated oesophagectomy.",
"The combination of artemether (ARM) and lumefantrine is currently the first-line treatment of uncomplicated falciparum malaria in mainland Tanzania. While the exposure to lumefantrine has been associated with the probability of adequate clinical and parasitological cure, increasing exposure to artemether and the active metabolite dihydroartemisinin (DHA) has been shown to decrease the parasite clearance time. The aim of this analysis was to describe the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of artemether, dihydroartemisinin, and lumefantrine in African children with uncomplicated malaria. In addition to drug concentrations and parasitemias from 50 Tanzanian children with falciparum malaria, peripheral parasite densities from 11 asymptomatic children were included in the model of the parasite dynamics. The population pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of artemether, dihydroartemisinin, and lumefantrine were modeled in NONMEM. The distribution of artemether was described by a two-compartment model with a rapid absorption and elimination through metabolism to dihydroartemisinin. Dihydroartemisinin concentrations were adequately illustrated by a one-compartment model. The pharmacokinetics of artemether was time dependent, with typical oral clearance increasing from 2.6 liters/h/kg on day 1 to 10 liters/h/kg on day 3. The pharmacokinetics of lumefantrine was sufficiently described by a one-compartment model with an absorption lag time. The typical value of oral clearance was estimated to 77 ml/h/kg. The proposed semimechanistic model of parasite dynamics, while a rough approximation of the complex interplay between malaria parasite and the human host, adequately described the early effect of ARM and DHA concentrations on the parasite density in malaria patients. However, the poor precision in some parameters illustrates the need for further data to support and refine this model.",
"Combination of EA mapping systems and cryoablation may allow to perform fluoroless slow-pathway ablation for AVNRT in children and adolescents in the majority of patients. Fluoroless slow-pathway cryoablation showed a high efficacy and safety comparable to conventional fluoroscopy guided procedures.",
"Physical exercise may lead to relevant changes in metanephrine and normetanephrine and should therefore be avoided prior to sampling. Although effects of age, sex and BMI were small, these variables should be considered when interpreting biochemical results. Blood should be taken in the supine position, and samples should be immediately centrifuged and stored at 4 degrees C to improve stability.",
"Our study demonstrates that TRPV1 may be a susceptible gene for type 1 diabetes in an Ashkenazi Jewish population. These results should be replicated in the same ethnic group and in other ethnic groups.",
"Following MVR, a decrement in PAP values, and an improvement in ventricular function, especially in the right ventricular and septal kinetics were achieved. Furthermore, it was found that both DTI and BPGS techniques are beneficial to investigate the functional changes postoperatively and in the follow-up period of the patients who undergo mitral valve surgery.",
"Amnion allografts have been used in a number of clinical applications. However, no references of their use in thoracic surgery have been identified. Air leakage, is one of the most common complications in thoracic surgery, resulting from visceral pleura and lung injuries caused intraoperatively, in particular following rethoracotomy. Mechanical and manual sutures are also potential sites of air leakage. The aim of our study was to evaluate the usefulness of human amnion grafts in the treatment of air leakage following thoracic surgery. Deep-frozen, radiation-sterilized (35 kGy) human amnion grafts prepared in the Central Tissue Bank in Warsaw (Poland) were used. The amnion allografts were applied to 20 patients who had surgery: 11 thoracotomies and 9 rethoracotomies were performed (15 resections of 1-12 metastases, 3 lobectomies and 2 residual tumor resections). During lung ventilation the air leakage sites were covered by the amnion flap attached by moderate compression and stabilized by sutures. Air leakage and drainage were measured during the postoperative period. In 80% of the cases, no traces of air leakage was observed. The preliminary results suggest that the application of human amnion grafts may be a safe and effective method for preventing prolonged air leakage after thoracic surgery.",
"These results demonstrated that elevated level of serum ferritin at baseline was associated with incident type 2 diabetes in an Asian population.",
"A simple prognostic model was developed to predict mortality after surgical ventricular reconstruction. It can be useful in clinical practice to select treatment options for ischemic heart failure.",
"Chagas cardiomyopathy is an endemic disease in Latin America. A significant proportion of patients develop atrial fibrillation (AF), which may result in stroke and increased morbidity or mortality. Interatrial block (IAB) has been associated with the development of AF in different clinical scenarios. The aim of our study was to determine whether IAB can predict new-onset AF in patients with Chagas cardiomyopathy and implantable cardioverter-defibrillators (ICDs). We conducted a retrospective study of patients with Chagas cardiomyopathy and ICDs from 14 centers in Latin America. Demographics, clinical, and device follow-up were collected. Surface electrocardiograms were scanned at 300 dpi and maximized ×8. Semiautomatic calipers were used to determine P-wave onset and offset. Partial IAB was defined as a P wave of >120 ms and advanced IAB as a P wave of >120 ms with biphasic morphology (±) in inferior leads. AF events and ICD therapies were reviewed during follow-up by 2 independent investigators. A total of 80 patients were analyzed. Mean age was 54.6 ± 10.4 years, and 52 (65%) were male. Mean left ventricular ejection fraction was 40 ± 12%. IAB was detected in 15 patients (18.8%), with 8 (10.0%) partial and 7 (8.8%) advanced. During a follow-up of 33 ± 20 months, 11 patients (13.8%) presented with new AF. IAB (partial + advanced) was strongly associated with new AF (p <0.0001) and inappropriate therapy by the ICD (p = 0.014). In conclusion, IAB (partial + advanced) predicted new-onset AF in patients with Chagas cardiomyopathy and ICDs.",
"CHWs play a variety of roles in helping patients overcome barriers to diabetes control and can be successfully integrated into a health care system's care coordination strategy.",
"Celivarone tends to reduce ventricular tachycardia-/ventricular fibrillation-triggered ICD therapies. This effect was not statistically significant. There was a trend toward greater efficacy in the 300-mg group, especially in patients undergoing ICD therapy within 30 days prior to randomization. Overall, celivarone was well tolerated.",
"Primary open-angle glaucoma eyes have a higher elevation of the posterior corneal surface than that in central corneal thickness-matched nonglaucomatous eyes.",
"This preliminary study shows that bimatoprost 0.03% could represent a useful therapeutic tool that might defer filtration surgery.",
"This study showed DTFC, LTFC and the addition of DTFC to latanoprost significantly decrease the IOP compared with latanoprost alone, but the latter therapy regime yields the greatest IOP reduction.",
"This study was designed to investigate the effects of combined administration of lipoic acid and pyridoxine on albuminuria, oxidative stress, blood pressure, serum advanced glycation end-products, nitric oxide (NO), and endothelin-1 in patients with diabetic nephropathy. Thirty-four patients were randomly assigned to either a supplement group or a placebo group. The patients in the supplement group received 800 mg lipoic acid and 80 mg pyridoxine daily for 12 weeks, whereas the placebo group received corresponding placebos. Urinary albumin, serum malondialdehyde (MDA), and systolic blood pressure decreased significantly in the supplement group compared to the placebo group (p < 0.05). Serum NO increased in the supplement group compared to the placebo group (p < 0.05). Serum pentosidine and carboxymethyl lysine decreased significantly in the supplement group at the end of week 12 compared to baseline (p < 0.05). No statistically significant differences were observed between the two groups in mean changes of serum endothelin-1, glucose, and diastolic blood pressure. The present study indicates that combined administration of lipoic acid and pyridoxine improves albuminuria in patients with diabetic nephropathy by reducing oxidative stress, advanced glycation end-products, and systolic blood pressure. The reduction in microalbuminuria may be of benefit in retarding the progression of diabetic nephropathy.",
"Performing both a TST and T.Spot in patients on immunosuppressants prior to commencement of TNF-α antagonist therapy gives an additional yield of potential LTBI compared with use of risk stratification tables alone. Our results suggest that use of all three screening modalities gives the highest yield of patients potentially requiring chemoprophylaxis.",
"Amiodarone had a good effect on cardiac recovery and the rhythm of AF patients after CPB.",
"Peripheral smears of the cases having inconsistent eosinophilia result with that of Sysmex XS-800i analyzer should be examined carefully for the presence of malaria parasites in the red blood cells. Sysmex XS-800i analyzers have moderate range of sensitivity and high degree of specificity in diagnosing malaria as spurious eosinophilia.",
"Tinidazole is ineffective in preventing relapse of P. vivax at the dose used. The macaque relapsing model appeared to correctly predict outcome in humans. Use of the modified triangular test allowed minimal enrolment and limited unnecessary exposure to the study drug and reduced costs. This adds weight to the ethical and economic advantages of this study design to evaluate similarly situated drugs.",
"We demonstrate how cost-effective IPTc is using three different drug regimens and the possibilities for reducing costs further if the intervention was to be scaled up to the district level. The need for effective training, drug delivery channels and supervision to support a strong network of community based volunteers is emphasised.",
"The authors have no proprietary or commercial interest in any of the materials discussed in this article.",
"FCs in the European Union are a potentially popular method to reduce intraocular pressure, being prescribed most commonly as second or third choice therapy. The perceived advantages to FC therapy are greater adherence to the medicine and improved patient quality of life.",
"Preoperative physiotherapy, including IMT, statistically significantly reduced the incidence ofPPCs and the duration ofpostoperative hospitalization in patients at high risk of developing a pulmonary complication on undergoing CABG.",
"In this large population-based study with a long-term follow-up, reduced FEV1 and obstructive respiratory disease were associated with a higher AF incidence after adjustment for measured confounders.",
"On the premise that the image quality confirmed to the clinical diagnosis, the low dose scan in pulmonary veins and left atrium SCTA can obviously reduce radiation dose, and it had important clinical significance.",
"The MAGIC-AF study will assess the utility of a combined pharmaco-ablative strategy in patients with persistent AF undergoing a CFAE based ablation strategy.",
"In a trial population with impaired glucose tolerance, fasting plasma glucose and well-known risk factors (age, hypertension, and elevated body weight), but not progression to diabetes, predict risk of AF.",
"The abnormal neuromuscular transmission detectable by SFEMG may reflect a genetically determined dysfunction of the P/Q Ca2+ channels in a group of migraineurs with aura. Conversely, absence of neuromuscular abnormalities in cluster headache patients could be explained by different aetiology not resulting in channelopathy. Single-fibre electromyography could be a helpful tool in clinically questionable cases in differentiating between cluster headache and migraine with aura.",
"The single procedure success at 1-year follow-up for surgical pulmonary vein isolation and ganglionic plexi ablation is 65%. Atrial tachyarrhythmia recurrences after surgery are usually responsive to catheter ablation and/or antiarrhythmic drugs.",
"To obtain preliminary data on the drug supply management system in Ethiopia, selected facilities were assessed for the availability of essential drugs and commodities for malaria, TB and HIV. Of the 48 surveyed hospitals and health centers, 9 (19%), 9 (19%) and 10 (21%) did not have malaria, TB or HIV drugs, respectively. Similarly, of 27 health posts, 9 (33%) and 6 (22%) did not have rapid diagnostic tests and antimalarial drugs, respectively. The findings indicated an inadequate availability of essential drugs and commodities in the surveyed facilities as well as weaknesses in human resources and training. Assessments of commodity supply chains to ensure operational program success and impact are important.",
"A substantial number of hospitalized patients with SCD receiving opioids do not receive laxatives and there is unexpected variability in the use of these medications. Increased attention needs to be paid to constipation prophylaxis in patients with SCD, particularly in younger patients and post-surgical patients.",
"Although this study was limited by its observational design the results demonstrate that preservative-free tafluprost 0.0015% was effective, generally well tolerated, and safe in a broad and heterogeneous patient population.",
"The article presents the results of a study to identify predictors of progression of myocardial dysfunction in patients with essential hypertension (EH) and calcification of the heart valves (CCS) using regression analysis, with this purpose examnined 245 patients. In patients with essential hypertension and HVC as the most informative predictors of progression of myocardial dysfunction were presents of combined valvular damage, severity of aortic stenosis and its progression in dynamics.",
"Tonabersat is a novel benzopyran derivative that blocks the cortical spreading depression proposed to be associated with migraine attacks. The ability of single oral doses of 15, 25, 40 and 80 mg of tonabersat to relieve the symptoms of moderate to severe migraine was evaluated in 859 migraineurs enrolled in two dose-ranging, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel-group trials, one international and the other North American. In the international study, significantly more patients given tonabersat than given placebo experienced relief of headache pain at 2 h (15 mg, 36.8%; 40 mg, 40.7%), the principal efficacy variable, and at 4 h (40 mg, 63.0%) and complete abolition of headache at 4 h (40 mg, 34.3%). None of the primary or secondary efficacy variables indicated significant differences between tonabersat and placebo in the North American study. Tonabersat was generally well tolerated, with dizziness and nausea the most common side-effects. Serious adverse events were uncommon, and no patient withdrew from either study because of adverse events. These results suggest a possible interplay between tonabersat pharmacokinetics (the relatively long time required to reach maximum plasma concentrations) and patient characteristics (previous triptan exposure) in the management of acute migraine attacks. Based on the pharmacokinetics and actions on cortical spreading depression, tonabersat may have potential value in migraine prophylaxis.",
"Preoperative alpha-adrenergic blockade is not essential in pheochromocytoma patients. Calcium channel blockers are just as effective and safer when used as the primary mode of antihypertensive therapy. Surgery for pheochromocytoma is safe in the modern era.",
"Our findings suggest that inflammatory mediators are not associated with the occurrence of POAF. Interestingly, high n-3 LC-PUFA levels in RBC membranes appear to increase the risk of POAF.",
"Among atrial fibrillation patients participating in the Stroke Prevention in Atrial Fibrillation III trials, stage 3 CKD was associated with higher rates of ischemic stroke/systemic embolism. Adjusted-dose warfarin markedly reduced ischemic stroke/systemic embolism in high-risk atrial fibrillation patients with stage 3 CKD.",
"Short-term peanut consumption might improve lipid profiles, the AIP and CHD risk in free-living hypercholesterolaemic men.",
"The utility of buttressing an endoscopic mechanical stapler with strips of bovine pericardium in resection of pulmonary bullous areas was evaluated by comparing the duration of air leakage in two randomized patient groups, one with and one without buttressing. The duration of air leakage was not related to bulla size in either group but showed a linear relation with the radiologic emphysema score in both groups (p < 0.001) and was shorter when the stapler had been fitted with bovine pericardium, but significantly reduced (p = 0.019) only in patients with a high emphysema score. The duration of air leakage was thus related to emphysema score, and in patients with high scores was shortened by application of bovine pericardium to the stapler.",
"VKA-naïve warfarin initiators had the highest overall bleeding rate. We found no evidence of marked excess of overall bleeding events when comparing dabigatran with warfarin users, irrespective of prior VKA experience.",
"Measurement of antibody levels to AMA-1 at the time of malaria may offer a quantitative biomarker of blood stage immunity to P. falciparum, a tool which is currently lacking.",
"Artemisinin-based combination therapies (ACTs) and trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole (TS) prophylaxis are important tools for malaria control, but there are concerns about their effect on gametocytes, the stage of the parasite responsible for transmission. We conducted a longitudinal clinical trial in a cohort of HIV-infected and uninfected children living in an area of high malaria transmission intensity in Uganda. Study participants were randomized to artemether-lumefantrine (AL) or dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine (DP) for all treatments of uncomplicated malaria (N = 4,380) as well as TS prophylaxis for different durations. The risks of gametocytemia detected by microscopy in the 28 days after antimalarial therapy were compared using multivariate analyses. The risk of gametocyte detection was significantly higher in patients treated with DP compared with AL (adjusted relative risk = 1.85, P < 0.001) and among children prescribed TS prophylaxis (adjusted relative risk = 1.76, P < 0.001). The risk of gametocytemia and its potential for increasing transmission should be considered when evaluating different ACTs and TS prophylaxis for malaria control.",
"The treatment of multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2-related phaeochromocytoma continues to rely on adrenalectomies with their associated Addisonian-like complications and consequent lifelong dependency on steroids. Adrenal-sparing surgery, a highly successful treatment option in experienced centres, should be the surgical approach of choice to reduce these complications.",
"Chief Scientist Office Scotland and British Heart Foundation.",
"The following is a report on the clinical experience of an Israeli referral center for iodine-131 metaiodobenzylguanidine (131-MIBG) therapy for malignant pheochromocytoma (MPCC) and malignant paraganglioma (MPGG). The charts of 10 patients with MPCC (n = 7) and MPGG (n = 3) treated between 2000 and 2008 were reviewed. Response to 131-MIBG therapy was evaluated by tumor, hormone, and symptomatic relief criteria. The median follow-up was 18 months (2-48 months). The number of 131-MIBG treatments ranged from 1 to 4 (mean: 2.1). The average single dose of 131-MIBG was 5.4 +/- 0.2 GBq (145 +/- 5.0 mCi). The average cumulative dose was 11.6 +/- 1.6 GBq (310 +/- 44.0 mCi). There were no complete responses. Three patients (30%) had partial tumor response, 5 (50%) had stable disease, and 2 (20%) progressed after therapy. Five patients (50%) experienced symptomatic response. Hormone response was noted in 5 patients (50%). Progression-free survival was 17.5 months (2-47 months). One patient (10%) had thrombocytopenia and 2 patients (20%) developed subclinical hypothyroidism. Hormonal and symptomatic relief can be achieved with 131-MIBG therapy in patients with MPCC and MPGG with minor side effects.",
"The plasma concentration of ophthalmic timolol correlates with several haemodynamic effects. As HR decreases, SVRI increases and blood pressure is kept unchanged.",
"We concluded that the efficacy of brinzolamide 1% was equivalent to dorzolamide 1%; however, the safety of brinzolamide 1% was superior to dorzolamide 1% as adjunctive therapy to the combination with latanoprost and a beta-blocker.",
"Treatment with PF tafluprost was associated with an increase in conjunctival GCD in glaucomatous eyes naïve for therapy. Further studies are mandatory to verify this finding because its validation may have important consequences in the medical management of glaucoma.",
"Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN50662837.",
"The photoplethysmography (PPG) signals detected by transesophageal oximetry sensor toward aorta arch (AA), descending aorta (DA), and left ventricle (LV) under the guidance of transesophageal echocardiography (TEE) were investigated, and the effects of filter application on PPG signals were evaluated. Eleven cardiac surgical patients were involved. After anesthesia was induced, the TEE probe with a modified pulse oximetry sensor was inserted. Under the guidance of TEE, the AA PPG, DA PPG and LV PPG were detected respectively when ventilator was on and off. The mean alternating current (AC) amplitudes and direct current (DC) values of original and filtered PPG signals were measured. The ratio of AC and DC value (AC/DC) and ventilation-induced AC variations were calculated. Satisfactory PPG waveforms were obtained in all patients under the guidance of TEE. The AC amplitude in LV PPG was significant larger than in AA and DA PPG, and both AC/DC and ventilation-induced AC variation in LV PPG were significantly higher than in AA PPG or DA PPG either. There were no significant differences of AC amplitude between filtered and ventilation off PPG signals. The AC amplitudes and AC/DC toward LV are significantly higher than transesophageal oximeter toward AA or DA, and the effect of mechanical ventilation on transesophageal PPG can be obviously reduced by filtering techniques.",
"Applying procedural changes to MER ablation significantly reduces the ACE incidence to 1.7%, which is on the low end of reported ACE rates of any technology.",
"The predictive ability of the CHADS2 index to stratify stroke risk may be mechanistically linked to severity of left atrial (LA) dysfunction. This study investigated the association between the CHADS2 score and LA function. We performed resting transthoracic echocardiography in 970 patients with stable coronary heart disease and normal ejection fraction and calculated baseline LA functional index (LAFI) using a validated formula: (LA emptying fraction×left ventricular outflow tract velocity time integral)/LA end-systolic volume indexed to body surface area. We performed regression analyses to evaluate the association between risk scores and LAFI. Among 970 subjects, mean CHADS2 was 1.7±1.2. Mean LAFI decreased across tertiles of CHADS2 (42.8±18.1, 37.8±19.1, 36.7±19.4, p<0.001). After adjustment for age, sex, race, systolic blood pressure, hyperlipidemia, myocardial infarction, revascularization, body mass index, smoking, and alcohol use, high CHADS2 remained associated with the lowest quartile of LAFI (odds ratio 2.34, p=0.001). In multivariable analysis of component co-morbidities, heart failure, age, and creatinine clearance<60 ml/min were strongly associated with LA dysfunction. For every point increase in CHADS2, the LAFI decreased by 4.0%. Secondary analyses using CHA2DS2-VASc and R2CHADS2 scores replicated these results. Findings were consistent when excluding patients with baseline atrial fibrillation. In conclusion, CHADS2, CHA2DS2-VASc, and R2CHADS2 scores are associated with LA dysfunction, even in patients without baseline atrial fibrillation. These findings merit further study to determine the role of LA dysfunction in cardioembolic stroke and the value of LAFI for risk stratification.",
"High diversity in these two genes has been maintained overtime despite marked reductions in malaria transmission due to ITNs use. The frequency of 3D7 sequence-types was very low in this area. These findings provide information that could be useful in the design of future malaria vaccines for deployment in endemic areas with high ITN coverage and in interpretation of efficacy data for malaria vaccines based on 3D7 parasite strains.",
"Improvement of prehospital triage is essential to ensure rapid management of patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI). This study evaluates the feasibility of prehospital quantitative point-of-care cardiac troponin T (POC-cTnT) analysis, its ability to identify patients with AMI, and its capacity to predict mortality. The study was performed in the Central Denmark Region from May 2010 to May 2011. As a supplement to electrocardiography, a prehospital POC-cTnT measurement was performed by a paramedic in patients with suspected AMI. AMI was diagnosed according to the universal definition of myocardial infarction using the ninety-ninth percentile upper reference level as diagnostic cut point. The paramedics performed POC-cTnT measurements in 985 subjects with a symptom duration of 70 minutes (95% CI, 35 to 180); of whom, 200 (20%) had an AMI. The prehospital sample was obtained 88 minutes (range, 58 to 131) before the sample made on admission to the hospital. The sensitivity for detection of patients with an AMI was 39% (95% CI, 32% to 46%) and the diagnostic accuracy of the POC-cTnT values was 0.67 (95% CI, 0.64 to 0.71). Adjusted survival analysis showed a strong significant association between elevated prehospital POC-cTnT level above the detection level of 50 ng/L and mortality in patients with a suspected AMI irrespective of whether an AMI was diagnosed. In conclusion, large-scale quantitative prehospital POC-cTnT testing by paramedics is feasible. An elevated prehospital POC-cTnT value contains diagnostic information and is highly predictive of mortality in patients with a suspected AMI.",
"The French Infectious Disease Society (SPILF) recommendations were not well observed. This inappropriate management was responsible for treatment failures and increased costs.",
"Atorvastatin therapy prior to EC does not prevent the recurrence of arrhythmia in patients with persistent AF who are receiving antiarrhythmic therapy.",
"Multiple recurrences of VF occurred in 27% of patients with early repolarization abnormality and may be life threatening. Isoproterenol in acute cases and quinidine in chronic cases are effective AADs.",
"Single-segment pedicle screw fixation and correction surgery can fix and fuse the diseased segment in lumbar and sacral tuberculosis, retain normal movement in the adjacent spinal column, and promote functional recovery of the spinal column postoperatively. It was be regarded as a cost-effective means of treatment with lumbar and sacral tuberculosis.",
"The OneModel software produces maps that are more accurate in rendering complex cardiac structures compared to traditional software.",
"RIPC preserves mitochondrial respiration and prevents upregulation of miR-1 in the right atrium during coronary artery bypass graft.",
"Our results show that there may be defects in the anaerobic or proximal glycolytic pathways in migraine patients, evident in stressful situations. We also conclude that the FIT may be useful for research on migraine pathophysiology.",
"null",
"In addition to parasite resistance, inadequate levels of exposure to antimalarial drugs may contribute to treatment failure. We developed population pharmacokinetic (PK) models to describe the distribution of sulfadoxine (SDX) and pyrimethamine (PYM) in children with uncomplicated malaria in Malawi. The concentration levels of antimalarial drugs in whole blood were determined using high-performance liquid chromatography. We found no evidence of underdosing in children as compared with adults; the children had drug exposure levels similar to those described in adults. Treatment failure was more likely in children with lower PYM concentrations on day 14 (P = 0.024), and there was a trend for lower SDX concentrations on day 14 (P = 0.061). SDX and PYM concentrations at levels predictive of treatment failure have been identified at day 14. Less than one-third of the children displayed drug concentration levels above these thresholds after receiving the recommended SDX-pyrimethamine (SP) dose. Our findings suggest that PK factors contributed to the observed high rate of treatment failure, and we therefore recommend a higher SP dose for children under the age of 5 years.",
"The ear point combined therapy can relieve pain possibly through decreasing plasma SP content, and the SP con tent possibly is one of main factors inducing migraine attack.",
"Presence of allele 2 of VNTR polymorphism of IL-1RN gene may cause increased risk for lone AF probably due to the inadequate limitation of inflammatory reactions.",
"Remote LA CFE area was progressively reduced following PVI and linear lesions, and LA ablation reduced right atrial CFE area. Reduction of CFE area at sites remote from ablation would suggest either regression of the advanced atrial substrate or that these CFE were functional phenomena. Nevertheless, in an advanced atrial fibrillation substrate, linear lesions after PVI diminished the target area for CFE ablation, and complete lesions resulted in a favorable clinical outcome.",
"The aim of the study was to determine the accuracy of a rapid diagnostic test (SD Bioline Malaria Ag P.f/ Pan®) and fluorescent microscopy (CyScope®) in confirming presumptive malaria diagnosis in Cotonou. Thick blood smear was used as the reference technique for comparison. Testing was conducted on persons between the ages of 6 months and 70 years at two hospitals from June to October 2010. If malaria was suspected in the sample by the nurse based on clinical findings and sent to laboratory for confirmation, one thick smear, one rapid diagnostic test and one slide for the fluorescent microscopy were performed. All tests were read in hospital laboratories involved with the quality control of thick blood smear in the parasitology laboratory of National University Hospital of Cotonou. A total of 354 patients with clinical diagnosis of malaria were included. Malaria prevalence determined by thick smear, rapid diagnostic test and fluorescent microscopy was 22.8%, 25.4%, and 25.1% respectively. The sensitivity, specificity, positive and negative predictive values compared to the thick smears were 96.3, 95.6, 86.7, and 98.9% for rapid diagnostic test; and 97.5, 96.7, 89.8, and 99.27% for fluorescent microscopy. With these performances, these tests meet acceptability standards recommended by WHO for rapid tests (sensitivity > 95%). These two methods have advantages for the confirmation of malaria diagnosis in peripheral health structures that lack the resources to conduct diagnosis confirmation by the thick blood smear.",
"The objective of this study was to evaluate the association between low and frequent low back pain and chronic migraine (CM) and chronic tension-type headache (CTTH) in a large, German population-based sample. Headaches were diagnosed according to International Classification of Headache Disorders-2 criteria and categorized according to frequency (episodic 1-14 days/month or chronic ≤15 days/month) and headache type (migraine or TTH). We defined frequent low back pain as self-reported low back pain on ≥15 days/month. We calculated odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals (CI) using logistic regression analyses, adjusting for sociodemographic covariates. There were 5605 respondents who reported headache in the previous year, of whom 255 (4.5%) had Chronic Headache. Migraine was diagnosed in 2933 respondents, of whom 182 (6.2%) had CM. TTH was diagnosed in 1253 respondents, of whom 50 (4.0%) had CTTH. Among 9944 respondents, 6030 reported low back pain, of whom 1267 (21.0%) reported frequent low back pain. In adjusted models, the odds of having frequent low back pain were between 2.1 (95% CI 1.7-2.6) and 2.7 (95% CI 2.3-3.2) times higher in all episodic headache subtypes when compared to No Headache. The odds of having frequent low back pain were between 13.7 (95% CI 7.4-25.3) and 18.3 (95% CI 11.9-28.0) times higher in all chronic headache subtypes when compared to No Headache. Low and frequent low back pain was associated with CM and CTTH. Multiple explanations may contribute to the association of headache and back pain, including the notion that the neurobiology of chronic headache, independent of primary headache type, not only involves the trigeminal pain pathway, but is also a part of abnormal general pain processing.",
"Nuclear receptors modulate macrophage effector functions, which are imperative for clearance or survival of mycobacterial infection. The adopted orphan nuclear receptor Rev-erbα is a constitutive transcriptional repressor as it lacks AF2 domain and was earlier shown to be present in macrophages. In the present study, we highlight the differences in the relative subcellular localization of Rev-erbα in monocytes and macrophages. The nuclear localization of Rev-erbα in macrophages is subsequent to monocyte differentiation. Expression analysis of Rev-erbα elucidated it to be considerably more expressed in M1 phenotype in comparison with M2. Rev-erbα overexpression augments antimycobacterial properties of macrophage by keeping IL10 in a basal repressed state. Further, promoter analysis revealed that IL10 promoter harbors a Rev-erbα binding site exclusive to humans and higher order primates and not mouse, demonstrating a species barrier in its functionality. This direct gene repression is mediated by recruitment of co-repressors NCoR and HDAC3. In addition, our data elucidate that its overexpression reduced the survival of intracellular pathogen Mycobacterium tuberculosis by enhancing phagosome lysosome maturation, an event resulting from IL10 repression. Thus, these findings suggest that Rev-erbα bestows protection against mycobacterial infection by direct gene repression of IL10 and thus provide a novel target in modulating macrophage microbicidal properties.",
"A total of 9016 patients were enrolled and followed for a mean of 4.1 years. The mean reduction in systolic blood pressure was 2.9 mm Hg greater in the irbesartan group than in the placebo group, and the mean reduction in diastolic blood pressure was 1.9 mm Hg greater. The first coprimary outcome occurred at a rate of 5.4% per 100 person-years in both groups (hazard ratio with irbesartan, 0.99; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.91 to 1.08; P=0.85). The second coprimary outcome occurred at a rate of 7.3% per 100 person-years among patients receiving irbesartan and 7.7% per 100 person-years among patients receiving placebo (hazard ratio, 0.94; 95% CI, 0.87 to 1.02; P=0.12). The rates of first hospitalization for heart failure (a prespecified secondary outcome) were 2.7% per 100 person-years among patients receiving irbesartan and 3.2% per 100 person-years among patients receiving placebo (hazard ratio, 0.86; 95% CI, 0.76 to 0.98). Among patients who were in sinus rhythm at baseline, there was no benefit of irbesartan in preventing hospitalization for atrial fibrillation or atrial fibrillation recorded on 12-lead electrocardiography, nor was there a benefit in a subgroup that underwent transtelephonic monitoring. More patients in the irbesartan group than in the placebo group had symptomatic hypotension (127 vs. 64) and renal dysfunction (43 vs. 24).",
"null",
"There was an inverse association between gestational age and elevated plasma insulin levels at birth and in early childhood. The implications for future development of insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes warrant further investigation.",
"The 2010 diagnostic criteria for ARVD/C have limited discrimination in distinguishing between ARVD/C and CS. Despite the overlay in clinical presentation, older age of symptom onset, presence of cardiovascular comorbidities, nonfamilial pattern of disease, PR interval prolongation, high-grade atrioventricular block, significant left ventricular dysfunction, myocardial delayed enhancement of the septum, and mediastinal lymphadenopathy should raise the suspicion for CS.",
"In CRT-D patients, there is no benefit of nonapical RV lead location in clinical outcome or echocardiographic response. Moreover, nonapical RV lead location is associated with an increased risk of ventricular tachyarrhythmias, particularly in the first year after device implantation.",
"In the PLATINO population-based study, COPD individuals had an increased number of comorbidities. Age, female gender and higher BMI were the factors associated with comorbidity in these patients. Comorbid conditions were associated with impaired health status, independently of the COPD status.",
"This pilot project shows that it is feasible to carry out screening of DM patients for TB resulting in high detection rates of TB. This has major public health and patient-related implications.",
"Herbs for calming liver and suppressing liver-yang is effective in treating migraine, and can improve TCM symptoms. The effects on migraine patients with hyperactivity of liver-yang syndrome may be related to regulating the blood lymphocyte protein expression.",
"The most appropriate effect-site concentration of remifentanil for blunting hemodynamic responses by inhalation of high concentration desflurane is 4 ng/mL.",
"Randomized trials showed that mTOR inhibitors prevent early development of cardiac allograft vasculopathy (CAV). However, the action of these drugs on CAV late after transplant is controversial, and their effectiveness for CAV prevention in clinical practice is poorly explored. In this observational study we included 143 consecutive heart transplant recipients who underwent serial intravascular ultrasound (IVUS), receiving either everolimus or mycophenolate as adjunctive therapy to cyclosporine. Ninety-one recipients comprised the early cohort, receiving IVUS at weeks 3-6 and year 1 after transplant, and 52 the late cohort, receiving IVUS at years 1 and 5 after transplant. Everolimus independently reduced the odds for early CAV (0.14 [0.01-0.77]; p = 0.02) but it did not appear to influence late CAV progression. High-dose statins were found to be associated with reduced CAV progression both early and late after transplant (p ≤ 0.05). Metabolic abnormalities, such as high triglycerides, were associated with late, but not with early CAV progression. By highlighting a differential effect of everolimus and metabolic abnormalities on early and late changes of graft coronary morphology, this observational study supports the hypothesis that everolimus may be effective for CAV prevention but not for CAV treatment, and that risk factors intervene in a time-dependent sequence during CAV development.",
"S. officinalis leaves may be safe and have anti-hyperglycemic and lipid profile improving effects in hyperlipidemic type 2 diabetic patients.",
"HIV testing for TB patients has been successfully scaled up. However referrals of co-infected patients still remain a challenge due to poor linkage between TB and HIV healthcare services. Committed healthcare workers, a well-organized health services system and patient education are urgently required to ensure a higher rate of referral of TB/HIV co-infected patients for appropriate care.",
"Among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and coronary artery disease in the BARI 2D trial, neither on-treatment nor propensity-matched analysis supported an association of rosiglitazone treatment with an increase in major ischemic cardiovascular events.",
"In this study, we compared the efficacy and tolerability of the combination of paracetamol 1,000 mg + caffeine 130 mg (PCF) with sumatriptan 50 mg (SUM) in migraine attacks. This was a multi-center randomized double-blind, double-dummy, cross-over controlled trial. The efficacy was assessed by the sum of pain intensity differences, the curve of mean pain intensity, the number of pain free at 2 h, and the total pain relief. Tolerability was assessed by recording adverse events within 4 h after drug assumption and evaluating the global judgement of patients. The comparison of these parameters did not show differences between the two drugs which resulted absolutely overlapping in pain relief and patients evaluation. In conclusion, we confirm the efficacy and safety of PCF such as SUM in the treatment of migraine attacks.",
"The Baerveldt 250-mm2 Glaucoma Implant provides good intermediate-term success for the treatment of adult refractory glaucoma.",
"Early repolarisation is frequent in black Africans, especially in the setting of cardiovascular morbidity. Early repolarisation may be associated with a past history of syncope, especially the notched pattern.",
"The efficacy and safety of unguided percutaneous fine needle aspiration cytology in peripheral lung lesions were studied in 42 patients. The diagnostic yield of unguided aspiration was 83.3%. The yield in malignant lesion was 85.7% while in benign lesion it was 78.6%. There was no false positive report. Complications seen were asymptomatic pneumothorax and blood tinged sputum in a few cases following aspiration. The procedure was well accepted by the patients. Unguided FNAC is a simple, quick, economical, safe and reliable procedure for the diagnosis of peripheral lung lesions.",
"This study showed that intra- and inter-atrial electromechanical intervals were prolonged and diastolic function was impaired in both overt and subclinical hyperthyroidism. TSH level and mitral Em /Am ratio were found as independent predictors of atrial EMD.",
"Implantation of both LAA closure devices can be performed with high success rates in high-risk patients. Postprocedural 6 weeks antithrombotic therapy followed by aspirin therapy needs to be confirmed in a larger study.",
"Yoga intervention may be helpful in control of oxidative stress in prediabetes subjects. Yoga can also be beneficial in reduction in BMI, waist circumference, systolic blood pressure and fasting glucose. Effect of yoga on antioxidant parameters was not evident in this study. The findings of this study need to be confirmed in larger trials involving active control groups.",
"A fixed-dose pediatric formulation of artesunate and mefloquine (Artequin Pediatric) has been developed. In this open, non-comparative study in Cameroonian children with uncomplicated falciparum malaria, the safety and efficacy of this formulation was tested, with a particular emphasis on the risk of neuropsychiatric adverse events (AEs). In total, 220 subjects, weighing between 10 and 20 kg, were enrolled; 213 qualified for analysis. Artesunate-mefloquine was given once daily for 3 days. Overall, 13.1% of patients reported mild to moderate neuropsychiatric AEs (elicited through a structured questionnaire or reported spontaneously) out of which 3.8% (mainly insomnia) were considered drug-related. Other drug-related AEs were infrequent (< 3%). Polymerase chain reaction-corrected cure rate (adequate clinical and parasitological response) determined by survival analysis at 28 and 63 days was 96.6%. New infections were observed in 11.2% of evaluable patients at 63 days. The new formulation was well tolerated and efficacious in the population investigated.",
"Parietal pleurectomy is the most effective method of preventing a recurrence of spontaneous pneumothorax. Until recently, however, it has required thoracotomy which is associated with significant morbidity. The advent of video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS) has offered a less traumatizing method of performing parietal pleurectomy, but experience in this operation is limited. In this study we compared the operative results of our first twelve patients treated using VATS (VATS-group) with twelve consecutive patients operated on via thoracotomy (T-group) before we started using VATS. The groups were comparable in terms of age, sex ratio and the length of preoperative pleural drainage. In the VATS-group peroperative blood loss was markedly less, but the mean operative time was 16 min longer than in the T-group. There was practically no difference in the number of opioid dosages given postoperatively between the groups, but the hospital stay was approximately three days shorter in the VATS-group than in the T-group. Inability to work lasted two weeks longer in the T-group than in the VATS-group. In the T-group there were no recurrences of pneumothorax, but in the VATS-group pneumothorax recurred in two patients. They were both treated using a Roeder loop to excise bullae. One patient was reoperated via thoracotomy and another was treated by pleural suction. The initial Finnish experience of VATS-pleurectomy shows that parietal pleurectomy can be performed safely with less morbidity in the treatment of recurrent spontaneous pneumothorax. However, recurrences in the VATS-group underlines the proper selection of technical methods when using this method of treatment.",
"IG was more effective then DP in the treatment of GERD in patients with diabetes, and may be recommended for inclusion in the scheme of treatment of this comorbidity.",
"The prevalence and prognostic value of a concomitant diagnosis of symptomatic or asymptomatic multiple myeloma (MM), as defined by the current International Myeloma Working Group (IMWG) criteria, in patients with immunoglobulin light chain amyloidosis (AL), are unknown. We studied 46 consecutive patients with AL who underwent quantification of serum M-protein and clonal bone marrow plasma cells, as well as a comprehensive evaluation for end organ damage by MM. Using standard morphology and CD138 immunohistochemical staining, 57% and 80% of patients were found to have concomitant MM, respectively. Nine patients exhibited end organ damage consistent with a diagnosis of symptomatic MM. While overall survival was similar between AL patients with or without concurrent myeloma (1-year overall survival 68% vs. 87%; P = 0.27), a diagnosis of symptomatic myeloma was associated with inferior outcome (1-year overall survival 39% vs. 81%; P = 0.005). Quantification of bone marrow plasma cells by both standard morphology and CD138 immunohistochemistry identified a much higher prevalence of concurrent MM in patients with AL than previously reported. Evaluation of bone marrow plasma cell infiltration and presence of myeloma associated end organ damage could be clinically useful for prognostication of patients with AL.",
"Cardiac resynchronization therapy (CRT) has been shown to improve survival and symptoms in patients with severe left ventricular (LV) dysfunction, congestive heart failure, and prolonged QRS duration. LV lead placement is achieved by placing the lead in the coronary sinus, an endovascular approach, or by a minimally invasive robotic-assisted thoracoscopic epicardial approach. There are no data directly comparing the 2 methods. Patients eligible for CRT were randomized to the endovascular and epicardial arms. Coronary sinus lead placement was achieved using the standard technique, and epicardial leads were placed using a minimally invasive robotic-assisted thoracoscopic approach. The primary end point was a decrease in LV end-systolic volume index at 6 months. The secondary end points included 30-day mortality rate, measures of clinical improvement, 1-year electrical lead performance, and 1-year survival rate. The relative improvement of LV end-systolic volume index from baseline to 6 months was similar between the arms (28.8% for the transvenous [n = 12] vs 30.5% for the epicardial (n = 9) arm, p = 0.93). There were no significant differences in the secondary end points between the 2 groups. In conclusion, there were no differences in echocardiographic and clinical outcomes comparing a conventional endovascular approach versus robotic-assisted surgical epicardial LV lead placement for CRT in patients with heart failure. Surgical approaches are still a viable alternative when a transvenous procedure has failed or is not technically feasible.",
"In patients with normal-tension glaucoma, both bimatoprost and latanoprost reduce the 24 h intraocular pressure from untreated baseline to a similar extent. Latanoprost is associated with slightly improved ocular diastolic perfusion pressure over 24 h but similar absolute perfusion levels to that of bimatoprost.",
"Our reported rate of recurrence of 39% is important when counseling pediatric patients and their parents on the expected course and treatment goals.",
"Even in well controlled hypertensive diabetic patients, guided breathing induced relevant effects on BP and HRV, finding which should be investigated further.",
"Verum acupuncture treatment is more effective than sham acupuncture based on either Chinese or Western nonacupoints in reducing the discomfort of acute migraine. Verum acupuncture is also clearly effective in relieving pain and preventing migraine relapse or aggravation. These findings support the contention that there are specific physiological effects that distinguish genuine acupoints from nonacupoints.",
"IPTi-SP appears to have no impact on the multiplicity of infection during infancy and thereafter. This suggests that tolerance of multiple infections, a component of protective immunity in highly endemic areas, is not affected by this intervention.",
"The present work shows an improvement of the quality of life and better analgesic effect of acupuncture combined with TAN treatment on migraine pain in women when compared with acupuncture or TAN alone.",
"Diets differing in Lys:Arg ratios had no or small effects on cardiovascular risk factors and vascular reactivity.",
"Brimonidine PQ is equivalent in IOP-lowering efficacy and safety to brimonidine P.",
"To assess safety and tolerability, we administered valacyclovir, an oral anti-viral medication that inhibits erythrocyte sickling in vitro, to 14 subjects with sickle-cell anemia for 1 week at a standard dose of 1,000 mg every 8 hr. No clinically significant adverse effects occurred. In 11 subjects in steady state, the mean hemoglobin concentration was almost constant while the absolute reticulocyte count decreased in eight (P = 0.1) and the overall mean fell slightly although not significantly (10%, P = 0.2). These results suggest that valacyclovir is safe and well tolerated in patients with sickle-cell anemia and that a longer duration of therapy merits investigation.",
"Measurements of plasma free metanephrines not only provide information about the likely presence or absence of a pheochromocytoma, but when a tumor is present, can also help predict tumor size and location. This additional information may be useful for clinical decision-making during tumor localization procedures.",
"R-ZES in STEMI and in other clinical presentations is effective and safe. Long term outcomes are favorable with an extremely rare incidence of late and very late stent thrombosis following R-ZES implantation across indications.",
"null",
"null",
"Bimatoprost was effective and safe in lowering IOP both in open angle and pseudoexfoliative glaucoma, achieving target pressure in most patients. However, long-term efficacy in PXG must be evaluated.",
"All doses of suma/nap were well tolerated, providing similarly effective acute treatment of adolescent migraine pain and associated symptoms, as compared with placebo.",
"Epicardial pacemaker implantation through pericardial reflections is an effective alternative therapy for those patients requiring physiologic pacing in whom venous access is limited.",
"When sitagliptin was combined with metformin, the patients showed much more efficient blood glucose controlling effects, not only the three indexes of fasting blood glucose, postprandial blood glucose, and glycated hemoglobin, but also MAGE.",
"No significant difference in visual field performance or IOP reduction was seen between the nipradilol and timolol groups.",
"Robot-assisted excision of pheochromocytoma is feasible, safe, and efficacious in our early experience. Sparing of the normal adjacent adrenal parenchyma is possible with little detrimental effect on the oncologic efficacy of the surgery. Long-term studies are needed to further confirm this issue.",
"null",
"Video-assisted thoracoscopy and axillary thoracotomy offer similar results in the surgical treatment of primary spontaneous pneumothorax. The rate of complication is low and the level of pain is acceptable without long-term sequelae.",
"In infants with sickle cell anemia, sonographic spleen volume does not reflect function, but increased renal volume correlates with GFR and is consistent with hyperfiltration. Sonographic biliary abnormalities can occur early in life, while remaining clinically silent.",
"Intracellular polymerization and sickling depend markedly on the cellular concentration of sickle hemoglobin (Hb S). A possible therapeutic strategy for sickle cell disease is based on reducing the cellular concentration of Hb S through prevention of erythrocyte dehydration. The K-Cl cotransporter is a major determinant of sickle cell dehydration and is inhibited by increasing erythrocyte Mg content. We studied 10 patients with sickle cell disease before treatment and after 2 and 4 wk of treatment with oral Mg supplements (0.6 meq/kg/d Mg pidolate). Hematological parameters, erythrocyte Na, K, and Mg content, erythrocyte density, membrane transport of Na and K, and osmotic gradient ektacytometry were measured. We found significant increases in sickle erythrocyte Mg and K content and reduction in the number of dense sickle erythrocytes. Erythrocyte K-Cl cotransport was reduced significantly. We also observed a significant reduction in the absolute reticulocyte count and in the number of immature reticulocytes. Ektacytometric analysis showed changes indicative of improved hydration of the erythrocytes. There were no laboratory or clinical signs of hypermagnesemia. Mild, transient diarrhea was the only reported side effect. We conclude that oral Mg supplementation reduces the number of dense erythrocytes and improves the erythrocyte membrane transport abnormalities of patients with sickle cell disease.",
"Single ventricle atrium is dilated, has deceased compliance, decreased early diastolic emptying, and increased reliance on active atrial contraction for ventricular filling. This deviates from normal early childhood maturational changes and appears to parallel those of an atrium facing early ventricular diastolic dysfunction.",
"Over 5 years, in the UK timolol is the cost-effective option, whereas in Scandinavia latanoprost may be the cost-effective alternative to timolol.",
"The CDI strategy, which builds upon the core principles of primary health care, is an effective and efficient model for integrated delivery of appropriate health interventions at the community level in Africa.",
"The open-label and non-comparative nature of the study represented its principal limitations. The study confirmed the efficacy and tolerability of travoprost in the treatment of open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension, in a subset of patients unsuccessfully treated with beta-blockers. In this study, travoprost significantly increased DOPP at short-term follow-up. Further studies to assess the effect of travoprost on DOPP are warranted.",
"Although left ventricular (LV) hypertrophy has been proposed as a factor predisposing to atrial fibrillation (AF), its relevance to prognosis and selection of therapeutic strategies is unclear. We identified 2,105 patients with echocardiographic data on LV mass enrolled in the Atrial Fibrillation Follow-up Investigation of Rhythm Management (AFFIRM) trial. LV hypertrophy was defined as increased LV mass, stratified by American Society of Echocardiography criteria. The primary end point was all-cause mortality, secondary end point was as per AFFIRM trial definition, and tertiary end point was cardiovascular hospitalizations. We compared "strict" versus "lenient" rate control in patients with increased LV mass, and studied association of heart failure (HF) with preserved and decreased systolic function in patients with increased LV mass. Over 6 years, 332 deaths (15.7%) were reported. Adjusted hazard ratio (HR) of severely increased LV mass for all-cause mortality was 1.34 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.01 to 1.79, p=0.045) for the overall population and 1.61 (95% CI 1.09 to 2.37, p=0.016) for the rhythm-control arm. Increased LV mass was a predictor of cardiovascular hospitalizations in the lenient rate-control group (HR 1.72, 95% CI 1.05 to 2.82, p=0.03) but not in the strict rate-control group. Severely increased LV mass was predictive of cardiovascular hospitalizations in patients with HF with preserved (HR 1.8, 95% CI 1.0 to 3.2, p=0.03) and decreased LV systolic function (HR 2.4, 95% CI 1.1 to 5.2, p=0.02). Thus, LV hypertrophy is a significant independent predictor of mortality in patients with AF, especially those managed with rhythm control. In patients with LV hypertrophy, strict rate control may be associated with better outcomes than lenient rate control. LV hypertrophy portends higher cardiovascular morbidity in patients with AF and HF.",
"Tuberculosis (TB) is a major public health problem in developing countries including Nepal. One of the common presentations of TB is pleural effusion. The diagnosis of tubercular pleural effusion can be difficult because of the low rate of detecting tubercule bacilli by direct stain and culture of pleural fluid for acid-fast bacilli (AFB). Pleural biopsy can be useful but is invasive and requires experts. In this context, pleural fluid Adenosine Deaminase (ADA) level has been proposed as easy, cheap and highly sensitive test for diagnosis of TB pleural effusion. The present study was undertaken to define the role ofpleural fluid ADA value in accurate diagnosis of TB pleural effusion. A Prospective analysis of 100 patients admitted in Nepal Medical College and teaching Hospital with pleural effusion was done. Pleural fluid ADA level was evaluated in all patients, and significance of pleural fluid ADA level in TB pleural effusion was studied. It was found that mean ADA level in pleural fluid was 105.8 +/- 67.23 U/L in cases of TB, as compared to 16.83 +/- 8.91 U/L in malignancy, 44.53 +/- 32.84 U/L in parapneumonic effusion and 15.94 +/- 4.88 U/L in patients with miscellaneous diagnosis. For a cut-off value of 42.19 U/L for diagnosis of TB pleural effusion, sensitivity was found to be 90.8% and specificity 82.8%. Almost all patients diagnosed to have TB pleural effusion responded completely to anti-tubercular treatment. So, we concluded that pleural fluid ADA analysis could be easy, cheap and highly sensitive and specific test for diagnosis of TB pleural effusion.",
"The thoracic vent is a new minimally invasive device for the treatment of spontaneous and iatrogenic pneumothorax. It consists of a polyurethane catheter connected to a plastic chamber containing a one-way valve. As there is no need to connect the thoracic vent to an underwater seal device, immobilization and hospitalization can be avoided. So far the performance of the thoracic vent has been evaluated only in patients without pleural effusions and without signs of tension pneumothorax. Hence, we have performed a randomized study comparing the treatment of pneumothorax by means of the thoracic vent versus conventional intercostal tube drainage in 30 patients, including some with tension pneumothorax. 17 patients were treated with the thoracic vent, 13 with conventional intercostal tube drainage. We found no significant differences in the rate of reexpansion and rate of complications between the group treated with the thoracic vent and the group treated with intercostal tube drainage, but the patients treated with the thoracic vent needed significantly less analgesics. 70% of the patients treated with the thoracic vent were successfully managed on an outpatient basis. All patients treated with intercostal tube drainage were hospitalised; duration of inpatient-therapy was 8 +/- 6.2 days (mean +/- SD).",
"The rate of the primary efficacy end point, a composite of death from cardiovascular causes, myocardial infarction, stroke, urgent revascularization, or glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitor rescue therapy (glycoprotein IIb/IIIa bailout) through day 7, did not differ significantly between the two groups (hazard ratio with pretreatment, 1.02; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.84 to 1.25; P=0.81). The rate of the key safety end point of all Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) major bleeding episodes, whether related or not related to coronary-artery bypass grafting (CABG), through day 7 was increased with pretreatment (hazard ratio, 1.90; 95% CI, 1.19 to 3.02; P=0.006). The rates of TIMI major bleeding and life-threatening bleeding not related to CABG were increased by a factor of 3 and 6, respectively. Pretreatment did not reduce the rate of the primary outcome among patients undergoing PCI (69% of the patients) but increased the rate of TIMI major bleeding at 7 days. All the results were confirmed at 30 days and in prespecified subgroups.",
"Our data suggest that IL-2 based ELISPOT with AlaDH antigen may be of help in discriminating children with active from those with latent TB.",
"We demonstrate that a single session of HIIE improves autonomic profile of CHF patients, leading to significant reductions of HR and arrhythmic events in a 24-h posttraining period. Cardioprotective effects of HIIE in CHF patients need to be confirmed in a larger study population and on a long-term basis.",
"• Coronary computed tomographic angiography (CCTA) can be difficult in patients with arrhythmias. • Prospectively ECG-triggered sequential CCTA is feasible in patients with atrial fibrillation. • Prospective sequential imaging can improve quality compared with retrospective analysis. • Prospective sequential imaging decreases radiation exposure by 64 % compared with retrospective mode.",
"Troponin-I is detected in 98.5% and elevated in 9.2% of atrial fibrillation patients. The hs-TnI level is independently associated with a raised risk of stroke, cardiac death, and major bleeding and improves risk stratification beyond the CHA2DS2VASc score. The benefits of apixaban in comparison with warfarin are consistent regardless of hs-TnI levels.",
"Patient triggered ventilation in preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome is feasible. No significant differences, when compared with conventional fast rate ventilation in important medium and longer term outcome measures, were evident.",
"Phacoemulsification with stent implantation was more effective in controlling IOP than phacoemulsification alone; the safety profiles were similar.",
"Intramuscular ACTH test using Acton Prolongatum is effective in evaluation of adrenal function in all suspected cases of primary or secondary adrenal insufficiency. Basal cortisol has poor sensitivity to diagnose AI.",
"This study shows that ethnic differences in hemodynamic and echocardiographic profiles exist in a large, population-based cohort of nonhypertensive offspring of hypertensive parents.",
"This green tea meal replacement formula contributes to the lower body weight and reduced low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level.",
"We report our experience in using pigtail tube drainage in the treatment of spontaneous pneumothorax compared with traditional chest tube thoracotomy. One hundred two patients were included and analyzed. Fifty patients were treated with the pigtail tube and 52 patients were treated with the traditional chest tube. The extubation time, mean hospital stay, evacuation rate, and total cost were similar without a significant statistical difference. Among the chest tube group, 15 underwent surgical intervention as a result of delayed resolution and hemopneumothorax; and among the pigtail group, 15 had other procedures for pneumothorax, including chest tube insertion and surgical intervention. This verifies our initial suspicion that the effectiveness of the pigtail drainage system is no less than that of the chest tube. Therefore, when considering ambulatory ability and good patient compliance, the pigtail tube drainage system can be considered as the treatment of choice for spontaneous pneumothorax.",
"A short course of high-dose methylprednisolone decreased the duration of severe pain in children and adolescents with sickle cell disease, but patients who received methylprednisolone had more rebound attacks after therapy was discontinued. On balance, corticosteroids are promising as an adjunct to supportive therapy for painful episodes in children and adolescents with sickle cell disease.",
"Plasmodium vivax infection in humans can relapse and is associated with iron deficiency. The immune response plays an important role in preventing relapse. In this study we analyzed the effect of zinc and vitamin C supplementation on hemoglobin and hematocrit levels and immune response in patients with P. vivax malaria. We measured immune response by examining interferon gamma (IFN-gamma) and interleukin-10 (IL-10) levels. Subjects were divided into either treatment or control groups. The treatment group received daily zinc and vitamin C supplementation for 45 days. Compliance with supplement consumption was recorded weekly. After 45 days of supplementation, IFN-gamma and IL-1 levels were remeasured. All study subjects in both groups had normal hemoglobin and hematocrit levels. The hemoglobin levels increased only in the supplementation group (p=0.011), while hematocrit levels increased in both the supplementation (p=0.001) and control (p=0.023) groups. IFN-gamma decreased slightly in the supplementation group, but the change was not significant (p=0.688). IL-10 increased slightly in both the supplementation and the control groups, but the change were not significant (p=0.421 and p=0.556, respectively), suggesting the elevated hemoglobin and hematocrit levels were unrelated to immune response.",
"Regular physical activity improves exercise capacity as measured by CPET. A statistically significant improvement in exercise capacity was seen already after initial 12 training sessions, while another 12 training sessions were associated with smaller benefits.",
"Therapeutic study, level III.",
"While these additional analyses show a robust effect of vaccination on anaemia, this is an intensive exploration of secondary results and should, therefore, be interpreted with caution. Possible mechanisms of the apparent adverse effect on haemoglobin of vaccination with AMA1-C1/Alhydrogel and implications for blood stage vaccine development are discussed. The potential impact on malaria-associated anaemia should be closely evaluated in clinical trials of AMA1 and other blood stage vaccines in malaria-exposed populations.",
"The bump position improves the likelihood of successful central venous catheter placement. No more than three needle passes ought to be attempted.",
"Recombinant ESAT-6 protein is efficacious and safe for diagnosing pulmonary TB. Based on the reaction, performance, safety, and practicability, we recommend that 10 μg/mL at 48 h with an induration cut-off value of 5.0 mm be used.",
"With increased anticoagulation use, stroke rates are declining and emergency room bleeding complications are increasing. Despite an increased use of evidence-based AF therapies, mortality remains high in this population. These findings highlight the need to focus on AF prevention in addition to minimizing its complications.",
"This study provides Class I evidence that in ED patients with acute migraine, IV valproate is inferior to metoclopramide or ketorolac in improving headache outcomes.",
"TachoSil® was superior to standard surgical treatment in reducing both postoperative air leakage duration and intra-operative air leakage intensity in patients undergoing elective pulmonary lobectomy.",
"The results indicate that in this moderate malaria transmission setting, P. falciparum is strongly associated with anaemia, but there is no clear association between health status and education. Intervention studies are underway to investigate whether removing the burden of chronic asymptomatic P. falciparum and related anaemia can improve education outcomes.",
"The present data suggested that ultrasound-guided cannulation of the subclavian vein in critical care patients is superior to the landmark method and should be the method of choice in these patients.",
"In systemic right ventricles, NT-proBNP is a useful risk predictor for all causes of hospitalisation and, in particular, for heart failure, transplantation and death. It therefore might be a useful tool for risk assessment in this patient population.",
"Selective laser trabeculoplasty was found to be equally efficacious as latanoprost in reducing intraocular pressure in newly diagnosed open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension over 12 months, independent of angle pigmentation. Nonsteroidal antiinflammatory therapy had similar efficacy to steroids after laser therapy. These findings support the consideration of selective laser trabeculoplasty as a first-line treatment for newly diagnosed open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.",
"In this observational study, patients seeking homeopathic treatment for migraine showed relevant improvements that persisted for the observed 24 month period. Due to the design of this study, however, it does not answer the question as to whether the effects are treatment specific or not.",
"This study demonstrates electronic DOT is feasible, acceptable, and can achieve high HU adherence. Further study is needed to confirm that electronic DOT can improve HU adherence and impact clinical outcomes in children with SCD.",
"For the treatment of NTG, the combination of latanoprost and brinzolamide demonstrated additive effects in lowering IOP, not only during the day, but also at night.",
"In this cohort of type 1 diabetes patients with mild-to-moderate CAN, a combination antioxidant treatment regimen did not prevent progression of CAN, had no beneficial effects on myocardial perfusion or DPN, and may have been detrimental. However, a larger study is necessary to assess the underlying causes of these findings.",
"MMT integrated into inpatient TB treatment significantly improves retention in TB treatment and TB medication adherence among PWIDs. These findings call for policy change to increase the number of MMT sites in TB facilities and make MMT a low-threshold treatment option for opioid dependence in Ukraine.",
"Octogenarians with symptomatic severe AS are frequently managed conservatively. Planned conservative management is associated with a poor prognosis.",
"Traditional acupuncture (TA) and ear acupuncture (EA) are used for treatment of headache, trigeminal neuralgia, and retro-auricular pain. The purpose of this study is to develop effective treatment using combined acupuncture (CA) which consists of TA and EA and to set clinical protocols for future trials. Participants were divided into TA (n = 15) control and CA (n = 34) experimental groups. Obligatory points among Korean Five Element Acupuncture and optional individual points along with symptom points were used in the TA group. The CA group was exposed to ear points of Fossion and TA. Acupuncture treatment consisted of six mandatory sessions per patient over 3 weeks and extended to 12 sessions. Pain was assessed using the visual analogue scale. We compared TA to CA and researched their relevant publications. No significant difference was observed between the two groups (p = 0.968) which showed pain-alleviating tendency. Pain alleviation was significantly different after the fifth and sixth sessions (p = 0.021, p = 0.025), with headache being the most significantly relieved (F = 4.399, p = 0.018) among the diseases. When assessing pain intensity, both the Headache Impact Test and the Migraine Disability Assessment Scale should be adopted for headache and the fractal electroencephalography method be used in pain diseases. In the future, studies should consist of TA, EA, and CA groups; each group having 20 patients. Treatment number should to be no less than 10 sessions. Korean Five Element Acupuncture should be a compulsory inclusion along with individual points being optional inclusion in TA. EA could be selected from Nogier, Fossion and so forth. In conclusion, acupuncture treatment, whether TA or CA, showed pain alleviation in headache, trigeminal neuralgia, and retro-auricular pain, but no significant difference was seen between groups. Prospective, well-controlled, and relevant protocols using multimodal strategies to define the role of TA, EA, and CA are needed.",
"To our knowledge, this is the first observation suggesting a link between a low-dose oral anti-inflammatory agent and subclinical improvement in inner retinal function. Oral doxycycline may be a promising therapeutic strategy targeting the inflammatory component of DR. Furthermore, study results suggest that FDP, which primarily measures inner retinal function, is responsive to intervention and may be a useful clinical trial end point for proof-of-concept studies in patients with DR.",
"The number of our clinical trial registration is: ChiCTR-TRC-11001813, and the protocol and inclusion criteria have already been registered as ChiCTR-TRC-11001813.",
"www.trialregister.nl Identifier: NTR1205.",
"Students' knowledge on TB is inadequate, especially on its cause and way of transmission. More effort is needed in university students' health education.",
"Hydroxyurea (HU) can increase fetal hemoglobin (HbF) in sickle cell anemia (HbSS). To identify determinants of the HbF response, we studied 150 HU-treated patients grouped by quartiles of change in HbF from baseline to 2 years. Half of the HU-assigned patients had long-term increments in HbF. In the top two quartiles, HbF increased to 18.1% and 8.8%. These patients had the highest baseline neutrophil and reticulocyte counts, and largest treatment-associated decrements in these counts. In the lower two quartiles, 2-year HbF levels (4.2% and 3.9%) and blood counts changed little from baseline. In the highest HbF response quartile, myelosuppression developed in less than 6 months, compliance was best, and final doses of HU were 15 to 22.5 mg/kg. All four quartiles had substantial increases of F cells in the first year. This was maintained for 2 years only in the top three quartiles. Leukocyte and reticulocyte counts decreased initially in all quartiles, but drifted back toward baseline levels in the lowest HbF response quartile. Initial HbF level and phenotype of the F-cell production (FCP) locus were not associated with HbF response, but absence of a Central African Republic (CAR) haplotype was. Bone marrow ability to withstand HU treatment may be important for sustained HbF increases during HU treatment of HbSS.",
"Success rates were higher with latanoprost 0.005% at night than with 90 degrees and 180 degrees SLT treatments. 90 degrees SLT is generally not effective. 360 degrees SLT appears to be an effective treatment with approximately 60% of eyes achieving an IOP reduction of 30% or more. Transient anterior uveitis with associated ocular discomfort is not unusual in the first few days after SLT. Late complications causing ocular morbidity after SLT were not encountered.",
"Catheter ablation of AF in patients with HCM is an effective and safe therapeutic option, particularly in patients with paroxysmal AF. Effectiveness of ablation is significantly smaller in patients with persistent AF and even more so in those with long-persistent AF. Repeated procedures were often necessary. Continued antiarrhythmic drug therapy is often required due to a significant degree of atrial remodelling.",
"Phase III clinical study was performed to evaluate clinical utility of 123I-MIBG in the localization of tumors in 48 patients with tumors of sympathetic and adrenomedullary origin, diagnosed or strongly suspected. Sixteen patients had pheochromocytoma, 23 had neuroblastoma, 7 had medullary carcinoma of the thyroid, and 2 had Sipple syndrome. In 3 out of 48 patients, 123I-MIBG scintigraphy was performed twice. The clinical utility of 123I-MIBG was evaluated in 50 cases. Out of 140 lesions, 123I-MIBG scintigraphy demonstrated 51 true positive, 79 true negative, 1 false positive, and 2 false negative. Seven lesions were not evaluable. Sensitivity was 96.2%, Specificity was 98.8%, and Accuracy was 97.7%. An acquisition between 4 hrs and a day after injection was adequate for tumor detection. Neither adverse reactions nor abnormal laboratory findings were noted in relation to 123I-MIBG injections. Our study indicates that 123I-MIBG is a safe and useful radiotracer for visualization and localization of tumors of sympathetic and adrenomedullary origin.",
"The presence of G6PD deficiency does not appear to significantly influence the clearance of P. falciparum in the treatment of uncomplicated malaria using ACT.",
"Nettle may safely improve glycemic control in type 2 diabetic patients needing insulin therapy.",
" LA DE-CMR can predict increased difficulty of CFAE ablation in AF. This tool may be beneficial in both selection of patients and ablation strategy.",
"Travoprost seems to lower IOP by increasing trabecular outflow facility. An effect on uveoscleral outflow cannot be ruled out.",
"An excessive blood pressure (BP) reduction might be dangerous in high-risk patients with cardiovascular disease. In the Studio Italiano Sugli Effetti CARDIOvascolari del Controllo della Pressione Arteriosa SIStolica (Cardio-Sis), 1111 nondiabetic patients with systolic BP ≥150 mm Hg were randomly assigned to a systolic BP target <140 mm Hg (standard control) or <130 mm Hg (tight control). We stratified patients by absence (n=895) or presence (n=216) of established cardiovascular disease at entry. Antihypertensive treatment was open-label and tailored to each patient's needs. After 2-year follow-up, the primary end point of the study, electrocardiographic left ventricular hypertrophy, occurred less frequently in the tight than in the standard control group in the patients without (10.8% versus 15.2%) and with (14.1% versus 23.5%) established cardiovascular disease (P for interaction=0.82). The main secondary end point, a composite of cardiovascular events and all-cause death, occurred less frequently in the tight than in the standard control group both in patients without (1.47 versus 3.68 patient-years; P=0.016) and with (7.87 versus 11.22 patient-years; P=0.049) previous cardiovascular disease. In a multivariable Cox model, allocation to tight BP control reduced the risk of cardiovascular events to a similar extent in patients with or without overt cardiovascular disease at randomization (P for interaction=0.43). In conclusion, an intensive treatment aimed to lower systolic BP<130 mm Hg reduced left ventricular hypertrophy and improved clinical outcomes to a similar extent in patients with hypertension and without established cardiovascular disease.",
"Cardiac resynchronization therapy (CRT) is effective for the treatment of patients with heart failure and a wide QRS duration, particularly left bundle branch block. However, subjects with right bundle branch block (RBBB) do not appear to benefit from CRT. The aim of this study was to determine whether patients with specific RBBB conduction patterns responded to CRT in the Multicenter Automatic Defibrillator Implantation Trial with Cardiac Resynchronization Therapy (MADIT-CRT) trial. In the present post hoc analysis, patients with RBBB who received CRT with an implantable cardioverter defibrillator (n = 132) were divided into 2 groups according to the baseline QRS morphology in the inferior and high lateral leads: group 1: left anterior fascicular block (LAFB) pattern (n = 80; 60.6%); and group 2: non-LAFB pattern (n = 52; 39.4%). Subjects with RBBB who received an implantable cardioverter defibrillator served as the control group (n = 87). The primary end point was echocardiographic response to CRT, defined as percent change in left ventricular (LV) and left atrial volumes from baseline to 1 year. The secondary end point was heart failure or death. The non-LAFB group demonstrated a significantly larger percent reduction in LV end-diastolic volume, LV end-systolic volume, and left atrial volume compared to controls (-11%, p <0.0001; -17%, p <0.0001; -15%, p <0.0001, respectively) and LAFB (-5%, p = 0.028; -7%, p = 0.019; -6%; p = 0.022; respectively) by multivariate analysis. No difference was found in the 3-year crude event rates for death or heart failure among the LAFB (22%), non-LAFB (21%), or ICD-only (20%) groups (p = NS). In conclusion, conduction patterns influence echocardiographic response to CRT in patients with RBBB, with favorable reductions in the LV and left atrial volumes in those without an LAFB conduction pattern. This echocardiographic benefit did not translate into a reduction in heart failure or death during a 3-year follow-up period.",
"Intraoperative additional aerostasis with 100%AFG is a highly effective (especially in cases with moderate and severe leakage), safe, simple and economical procedure.",
"Although IOP is the main determinant of progression in XFG under treatment, history of severe CVD should be further investigated as potential risk factor for glaucomatous progression.",
"Treatment with statins or RAAS inhibitors did not improve catheter ablation success rates among PMFS. Thereby, from a clinical standpoint, PMFS should not be started on these treatments as a procedural 'augmenting agent' at this time.",
"There were distinct differences in topographical profiles of retinal thickening between eyes with SMD and eyes without SMD. These findings suggest a possible mechanical basis for the pathogenesis of SMD in DMO.",
"A new fixed-dose artesunate (AS)-mefloquine (MQ) was assessed in adults hospitalized for 28 days with uncomplicated drug-resistant falciparum malaria. The patients (n = 25/arm) were treated with (i) two fixed-dose tablets (AS-MQ arm; 100 mg AS-200 mg MQ/tablet) daily for 3 days (days 0, 1, and 2) or (ii) nonfixed AS (AS-plus-MQ arm; 4 mg/kg of body weight/day for 3 days) plus MQ (15 mg/kg on day 1 and 10 mg/kg on day 2), dosed by weight. Clinical laboratory electrocardiogram (ECG), adverse events (AEs), efficacy, and pharmacokinetic parameters were assessed over 28 days. Both regimens were well tolerated. No AEs were drug related. Two serious AEs of malaria-induced hypotension occurring in the AS-MQ arm necessitated rescue treatment. There were no significant changes in hematology, biochemistry, or PR and QRS intervals. For all patients, mean Fridericia-corrected QT intervals were significantly (P < or = 0.0027) prolonged on day 3 (407 ms) and day 7 (399 ms) versus day 0 (389 ms), in parallel with significant (P < or = 0.0003) falls in heart rates (67 [day 3], 73 [day 7], and 83 [day 0] beats/minute). Fixed-nonfixed formulations were bioequivalent for MQ, but not for AS and dihydroartemisinin (DHA). One AS-MQ patient developed a new infection on day 28; his day 28 plasma MQ concentration was 503.8 ng/ml. Fixed-dose AS-MQ was well tolerated, had pharmacokinetic (PK) profiles broadly similar to those of nonfixed AS plus MQ, and is a suitable replacement.",
"Artemether-lumefantrine (AL) and dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine (DP) are highly efficacious antimalarial therapies in Africa. However, there are limited data regarding the tolerability of these drugs in young children. We used data from a randomized control trial in rural Uganda to compare the risk of early vomiting (within one hour of dosing) for children 6-24 months of age randomized to receive DP (n = 240) or AL (n = 228) for treatment of uncomplicated malaria. Overall, DP was associated with a higher risk of early vomiting than AL (15.1% versus 7.1%; P = 0.007). The increased risk of early vomiting with DP was only present among breastfeeding children (relative risk [RR] = 3.35, P = 0.001) compared with children who were not breastfeeding (RR = 1.03, P = 0.94). Age less than 18 months was a risk factor for early vomiting independent of treatment (RR = 3.27, P = 0.02). Our findings indicate that AL may be better tolerated than DP among young breastfeeding children treated for uncomplicated malaria.",
"Factitious pheochromocytoma usually occurs in patients surreptitiously ingesting adrenergic medications. We encountered a case of factitious pheochromocytoma where in the subject mimicked hemodynamic (profound hypertension) and biochemical (plasma catecholamine elevation) manifestations of the illness by consciously altering autonomic function with Valsalva maneuver. Clues to this presentation included visible performance of Valsalva maneuver, marked disparity between blood pressures recorded in the presence and absence of the subject's knowledge, normal urinary catecholamine and metabolite excretion, and normal plasma chromogranin A. We reproduced, in part, the hemodynamic and biochemical manifestations of this presentation with Valsalva maneuver in healthy subjects.",
"In this group of children with migraine, there is no evidence that 50 mg riboflavin has a prophylactic effect on migraine attacks. We found some evidence that 50 mg riboflavin may have a prophylactic effect on interval headaches that may correspond to mild migraine attacks or tension-type headache attacks in children with migraine.",
"With a strong clinical indication and with careful monitoring, MRI imaging is feasible in patients with recently implanted pacemakers, although experience is limited.",
"Intra-coronary nicorandil infusion had no significant effect on PMI and cardiac enzymes after PCI in patients with stable or unstable angina.",
"Common genetic variants with small effects on lipid levels are, in combination, significantly associated with subclinical and clinical cardiovascular outcomes. As knowledge of genetic variation increases, preclinical genetic screening tools might enhance the prediction and prevention of clinical events.",
"A high intake of n-3 LCPUFAs was associated with a reduced risk of AMI, independent of HbA1c, in diabetic patients, but with an increased risk of fatal AMI and lower HbA1c among patients without impaired glucose metabolism. Further studies should investigate whether patients with diabetes may benefit from having a high intake of n-3 LCPUFAs and whether patients with normal glucose tolerance should be careful with a very high intake of these fatty acids.",
"Left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) at the 6 months MRI was higher after IV metoprolol (48.7 ± 9.9% vs. 45.0 ± 11.7% in control subjects; adjusted treatment effect 3.49%; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.44% to 6.55%; p = 0.025). The occurrence of severely depressed LVEF (≤35%) at 6 months was significantly lower in patients treated with IV metoprolol (11% vs. 27%, p = 0.006). The proportion of patients fulfilling Class I indications for an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD) was significantly lower in the IV metoprolol group (7% vs. 20%, p = 0.012). At a median follow-up of 2 years, occurrence of the pre-specified composite of death, heart failure admission, reinfarction, and malignant arrhythmias was 10.8% in the IV metoprolol group versus 18.3% in the control group, adjusted hazard ratio (HR): 0.55; 95% CI: 0.26 to 1.04; p = 0.065. Heart failure admission was significantly lower in the IV metoprolol group (HR: 0.32; 95% CI: 0.015 to 0.95; p = 0.046).",
"The plasma concentrations of normetanephrine are subject to seasonal variation with a resulting higher prevalence of false-positive results in winter than in summer. Lowered plasma concentrations of normetanephrine with forearm warming suggest an effect of temperature. These results have implications for considerations of temperature to minimize false-positive results.",
"This study suggests that when both drugs are dosed in the evening the TTFC provides improved intraocular pressure reduction, compared with travoprost, over the 24 h curve and for each individual time point in primary open-angle glaucoma patients.",
"Mean IOP changes from baseline for travoprost 0.004% and latanoprost 0.005%/timolol 0.5% fixed combination were not significantly different at follow-up in these patients. Both medications were well tolerated.",
"The 2 forms of treatment presented similar pleiotropic effects: improvement in endothelial function and decrease in hs-CRP levels.",
"The multipole method of HRV analysis emerges as a highly specific, possible predictor of imminent VTA, providing an early warning allowing to prepare for an arrhythmic episode.",
"Myocardial fibrosis turnover after MI is associated with LV remodeling. Low aminoterminal propeptide of type III procollagen/type 1 collagen telopeptide ratio (≤1) at 1 month is predictive, in addition to brain natriuretic peptide and LV ejection fraction, of detrimental LV remodeling as well as cardiovascular deaths and hospitalizations for heart failure.",
"3D environment and high cell density play an important role in restoring and supporting the phenotypes of cells represented in cardiac tissues. The aim of this study was therefore to investigate the suitability of high density sphere (HDS) cultures for studies of cardiomyocyte-, endothelial-, and stem-cell biology. Primary adult cardiac cells from nine human biopsies were cultured using different media for up to 9 weeks. The possibilities to favor a certain cell phenotype and induce production of extra cellular matrix (ECM) were studied by histology, immunohistochemistry, and quantitative real-time PCR. Defined media gave significant increase in both cardiac- and progenitor-specific markers and also an intraluminal position of endothelial cells over time. Cardiac media showed indication of differentiation and maturity of HDS considering the ECM production and activities within NOTCH regulation but no additional cardiac differentiation. Endothelial media gave no positive effects on endothelial phenotype but increased proliferation without fibroblast overgrowth. In addition, indications for early vasculogenesis were found. It was also possible to affect the Wnt signaling in HDS by addition of a glycogen synthase kinase 3 (GSK3) inhibitor. In conclusion, these findings show the suitability of HDS as in vitro model for studies of cardiomyocyte-, endothelial-, and stem-cell biology.",
"Hudson prong bubble continuous positive airway pressure therapy reduces the need for up-transfer of infants with respiratory distress in nontertiary centers. There is a clinically relevant but not statistically significant increase in the risk of pneumothorax. There are significant benefits associated with continuous positive airway pressure use in larger nontertiary centers.",
"Conduction block through linear lines+PVI was an efficient ablation strategy for L-PeAF, whereas the AMR amount did not influence clinical outcomes.",
"We assess the level of tumour necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha) in tear fluids and other serum parameters associated with diabetes in different degrees of diabetic retinopathy. We have performed a prospective, nonrandomized, observational study. Study population consisted of 16 healthy subjects (controls) and 32 type 2 diabetic patients: 16 affected by proliferative diabetic retinopathy (PDR) and 16 with nonproliferative retinopathy (NDPR, background/preproliferative). Body mass index, urinary albumin, blood glucose, HbA1c, and tear levels of TNF-alpha were measured in all subjects. The value of glycaemia, microalbuminurea, and Body mass index in diabetic retinopathy groups were higher than those in control group (P < 0.05). Glycemia in NPDR: 6.6 mmol/L (range: 5.8-6.3); in PDR: 6.7 mmol/L (range: 6.1-7.2); in control: 5.7 mmol/L (range: 4.9-6.1); microalbuminurea in NPDR: 10.6 mg/L (range: 5.6-20); in PDR: 25.2 mg/L (range: 17-40); in control: 5.3 mg/L (range: 2.6-10); Body mass index in NPDR: 26 Kg/m(2) (range: 20.3-40); in PDR: 28 Kg/m(2) (range 20.3-52); in control: 21 Kg/m(2) (range 19-26). The TNF-alpha concentrations in tears increase with the severity of pathology and were lower in control group than in diabetic subjects. In the end, the level of TNF-alpha is highly correlated with severity of diabetic retinopathy and with nephropathy. Tear fluid collection may be a useful noninvasive method for the detection of proliferative diabetic retinopathy.",
"We investigated the role of radiolabeled somatostatin analogs (SAs) in adrenal imaging. We evaluated 15 patients (6 men and 9 women, mean age 47 +/- 17 years) with imaging-detected adrenal tumors. Patient population was divided into two groups on the basis of the nature of adrenal lesions. Group 1 consisted of patients with benign adrenal lesions (n = 10). Group 2 consisted of patients with malignant adrenal lesions (n = 5). Pathology examinations were obtained in 13 cases: 7 pheochromocytomas, 2 adenomas, 2 cysts, 1 carcinoma, and 1 fibro-histiocytoma. One patient had a proven diagnosis of non-small-cell lung cancer associated with the presence of a right adrenal mass. The last patient had a clinical diagnosis of Werner syndrome associated with the presence of a large left adrenal mass. All patients underwent scientigraphic studies using radiolabeled SAs, of which indium-111 (In-111) pentetreotide was used in 11 cases and technetium-99m (Tc-99m)-labeled peptides (P-587 or P-829) were used in the remaining four cases. No significant labeled SAs uptake was observed in the majority (8 of 10, 80%) of the benign adrenal lesions (Group 1); however, increased uptake was found in two benign pheochromocytomas. Conversely, significant labeled SAs uptake was observed in the majority (4 of 5, 80%) of the malignant adrenal lesions (Group 2); however, the last lesion (carcinoma) did not show abnormal uptake. Results of this study show that the majority of benign adrenal tumors do not concentrate radiolabeled SAs; conversely, the majority of malignant adrenal lesions show significant SAs uptake, suggesting the presence of somatostatin receptors. This finding may allow the use of somatostatin as a treatment agent in malignant adrenal tumors. Thus, the main role of labeled SAs in adrenal imaging consists of lesion characterization rather than tumor detection and localization.",
"The incidence of cardiogenic shock complicating STEMI has increased during the past 8 years together with increased use of early mechanical revascularization and intra-aortic balloon pumps. There has been a concomitant decrease in risk-adjusted inhospital mortality, but an increase in total hospital costs during this period.",
"Colchicine is an effective and safe treatment for prevention of early AF recurrences after pulmonary vein isolation in the absence of antiarrhythmic drug treatment. This effect seems to be associated strongly with a significant decrease in inflammatory mediators, including IL-6 and CRP.",
"In this population of individuals at high risk of TB, intensive screening using the Xpert MTB/RIF assay increased case detection by 45% compared with smear microscopy, strongly supporting replacement of microscopy for this indication. However, despite the ability of the assay to rapidly detect rifampicin-resistant disease, the specificity for drug-resistant TB was sub-optimal.",
"null",
"Rizatriptan 10-mg ODT was superior to placebo at providing two-hour pain relief and two-hour pain freedom in the treatment of acute migraine in those who do not respond to sumatriptan 100 mg. Rizatriptan was generally well tolerated in this population.",
"null",
"Surgical lung sealant may be a useful adjunct to conventional techniques for reducing moderate and severe AAL after lobectomy, but its use seems to increase the risk of postoperative empyema.",
"Introduction of pre-hospital ECG in the triage of STEMI resulted in a sustained reduction in D2BT.",
"The diagnostic performance of the blood T-SPOT.TB differs among patients with various clinical manifestations of E-TB.",
"Utilization, efficacy, perception, and acceptability of rectal artesunates for treatment of malaria were assessed in 264 children below 5 years attending two tertiary health facilities in Abeokuta, Nigeria. The children systematically selected were 136 from State Hospital Ijaye and 128 from Federal Medical Centre (FMC), Idi-Aba. Body weights and vital statistics of the children were measured; and blood samples were collected before and 24 h after administration of the rectal artesunates (Plasmotrim-50/200 mg Artesunate) to evaluate the efficacy of the suppository. The first dose of rectal artesunate suppository was administered at a dose of 5-10 mg/kg of body weight per rectum. Giemsa thin and thick films were employed to determine parasite species, malaria parasite count/μL (MPC/μL), and percentage of parasitized red blood cells (PPRBCs). Data were analyzed using SPSS version 16.0. Plasmodium falciparum was the malaria parasite identified by blood examination, with a pretreatment prevalence of 98.9%. Male children had higher infection rate (55%) than females (45%), and infection among age groups and weight groups varied. Chi-square analysis revealed a significant difference between weight and malaria parasite count (p<0.05). Post-treatment analysis after 24 h showed that prevalence dropped by 73%, with females having higher crash rate (77%) than males (69%) but with no statistical difference (p>0.05) among the sexes. Chi-square analysis of pre- and post-treatment revealed a significant difference between MPC/μL and PPRBC at p<0.05. This confirmed the efficacy of rectal artesunate in reducing the parasite density (parasitaemia) within 24 h of treatment. On acceptability, 99.60% of parents accepted to use the suppository. However, 87.1% of parents preferred its usage, as it is easy to administer with no adverse effects when administered on their children. If health officials increase more public knowledge on the use of rectal artesunates, the high mortality now experienced in children under 5 years due to malaria disease would be greatly reduced.",
"Retroperitoneal laparoscopic adrenalectomy can be safely performed for small (less than 5 cm. diameter) pheochromocytoma. Retroperitoneal laparoscopy is a direct approach that allows the surgeon to control the adrenal vein first, thereby avoiding hypertensive events.",
"6% hydroxyethyl starch 130/0.4 when used as a prime solution did not adversely affect postoperative outcomes including renal functions and postoperative blood transfusion following coronary bypass surgery.",
"EA could reduce the perioperative stress response to the injury of coronary vascular endothelial cells, and improve myocardial ischemia and CHD patients' prognosis by regulating the central nervous system, the cardiovascular active substances, and anti-oxygen free radicals.",
"This is the largest study to describe the characteristics and treatment of STEMI patients on chronic OAC. The findings suggest that patients on chronic OAC are less likely to receive guideline-indicated management, but have similar adjusted rates of in-hospital and 6-month mortality.",
"Atrial fibrillation is relatively common in type 2 diabetes and is associated with substantially increased risks of death and cardiovascular events in patients with type 2 diabetes. This arrhythmia identifies individuals who are likely to obtain greater absolute benefits from blood pressure-lowering treatment. Atrial fibrillation in diabetic patients should be regarded as a marker of particularly adverse outcome and prompt aggressive management of all risk factors.",
"Study results confirmed the satisfactory efficacy and safety profile of ASAQ and AL. Moreover, in patients who were treated at least twice, repeated administration of ASAQ or AL did not identify any major safety issues.",
"Delamanid at all dosages was safe, well tolerated and demonstrated significant exposure-dependent EBA over 14 days, supporting further investigation of its pharmacokinetics and anti-tuberculosis activity.",
"Just as long-lasting insecticidal nets overcame several of the technical and logistical constraints associated with conventionally treated nets and then went to scale, this study demonstrates the potential of DL to sustain user compliance and overcome the operational challenges associated with IRS.",
"RFCA was successful in restoring long-term sinus rhythm and improving symptomatic status in most HCM patients with refractory AF, including the subset with proven sarcomere gene mutations, although redo procedures were often necessary. Younger HCM patients with small atrial size and mild symptoms proved to be the best RFCA candidates, likely due to lesser degrees of atrial remodelling.",
"Patients were not bothered by the trace.mild hyperaemia associated with bimatoprost therapy. Patient education can improve patient acceptance of a prescribed regimen and potentially increase compliance.",
"There were significant correlations between increases in both plasma ANP and BNP levels and changes in liraglutide-induced body composition. Our data implied that increases in plasma NPs may add a novel dimension to explain how liraglutide induces weight loss.",
"CHADS2 and CHA2DS2-VASc score are associated with increased risk of stroke and death in patients paced for SSS irrespective of the presence of AF.",
"Between November 2006 and January 2010, 3,666 consecutive patients underwent either TAVI (n = 782) or SAVR (n = 2,884). Four hundred five TAVI patients were matched to 405 SAVR patients. Of matched TAVI patients, 99 (24%) patients had STS scores <3%, 255 (63%) had scores between 3% and 8%, and 51 (13%) had scores >8%. Among patients with STS scores between 3% and 8%, 20 (7.8%) versus 18 (7.1%) patients had died up to 30 days (hazard ratio: 1.12, 95% confidence interval: 0.58 to 2.15, p = 0.74) and 42 (16.5%) versus 43 (16.9%) patients had died up to 1 year (hazard ratio: 0.90, 95% confidence interval: 0.57 to 1.42, p = 0.64) after TAVI and SAVR, respectively. Effects of treatment on 1-year mortality were similar across all subgroups except for sex, with some evidence for a beneficial effect of TAVI in women but not in men (test for interaction p = 0.024).",
"Participants received a 6-month course of 900 mg INH twice weekly or a matching placebo. INH acetylator genotypes were determined and urine tested for INH metabolites to confirm adherence. The proportion of positive responders for CFP-10 and ESAT-6 between treatment arms was compared using mixed effects logistic regression models. A Tweedie (compound Poisson) model was fitted to allow for zero inflation and overdispersion of quantitative response. The proportions of EC ELISPOT-positive subjects reduced over time (P < 0.001) but did not differ by study arm (P = 0.36). Median spot-forming units for ESAT-6 and CFP-10 also declined significantly with time (P < 0.001) but did not differ by study arm (P = 0.74 and 0.71, respectively). There was no evidence of an interaction between acetylator status and INH treatment with respect to ELISPOT results over time.",
"The observation of cluster formation of the spoligotype patterns of MDR-TB isolates could suggest transmission of MDR-TB strains among the population, thus warranting further attention.",
"This project was funded by the NIHR Health Technology Assessment programme and will be published in full in Health Technology Assessment; Vol. 17, No. 51. See the HTA programme website for further project information.",
"The current workflow advances detection and quantification of anti-plasmodial antibodies through improvement of a bias-prone, low-throughput to an unbiased, semi-automated, scalable method. In conclusion, this work presents a novel method for immunofluorescence assays in malaria research.",
"Prosthetic valve endocarditis remains associated with a high 1-year mortality rate. After adjustment for differences in clinical characteristics and survival bias, early valve replacement was not associated with lower mortality compared with medical therapy in the overall cohort. Further studies are needed to define the effect and timing of surgery in patients with PVE who have indications for surgery.",
"A sizeable proportion of migraineurs in need of preventive therapy do not significantly benefit from monotherapy. The objective of the study is to conduct a randomized controlled trial testing whether combination therapy of topiramate and nortriptyline is useful in patients who had less than 50% decrease in headache frequency with the use of the single agents. Patients with episodic migraine were enrolled if they had less than 50% reduction in headache frequency after 8 weeks of using topiramate (TPM) (100 mg/day) or nortriptyline (NTP) (30 mg/day). They were randomized (blinded fashion) to have placebo added to their regimen, or to receive the second medication (combination therapy). Primary endpoint was decrease in number of headache days at 6 weeks, relative to baseline, comparing both groups. Secondary endpoint was proportion of patients with at least 50% reduction in headache frequency at 6 weeks relative to baseline. A total of 38 patients were randomized to receive combination therapy, while 30 continued on monotherapy (with placebo) (six drop outs in the combination group and three for each single drug group). For the primary endpoint, mean and standard deviation (SD) of reduction in headache frequency were 4.6 (1.9) for those in polytherapy, relative to 3.5 (2.3) for those in monotherapy. Differences were significant (p < 0.05]. Similarly, 78.3% of patients randomized to receive polytherapy had at least 50% headache reduction, as compared to 37% in monotherapy (p < 0.04). Finally we conclude that combination therapy (of TPM and NTP) is effective in patients with incomplete benefit using these agents in monotherapy.",
"The 2-year follow-up results for a randomized placebo-controlled study of 47 patients with multidrug-resistant pulmonary tuberculosis treated with either the new diarylquinoline TMC207, recently renamed bedaquiline, or placebo, added to the first 8 weeks of a background regimen, are presented. Bedaquiline significantly reduced the time to culture conversion over 24 weeks (hazard ratio, 2.253; 95% confidence interval, 1.08 to 4.71; P = 0.031). With the exception of nausea reported in 26% of patients receiving bedaquiline and none receiving placebo, adverse events occurred at similar frequencies in both groups of patients: bilateral hearing impairment, extremity pain, acne, and noncardiac chest pain occurred in 13 and 21%, 17 and 13%, 9 and 17%, and 4 and 17% of patients, respectively, receiving bedaquiline or placebo. Excluding resistance to ethambutol and ethionamide, only one patient receiving bedaquiline acquired resistance to companion drugs, but five patients receiving placebo (4.8% versus 21.7%; P = 0.18) acquired resistance to companion drugs, and resistance to ofloxacin was acquired in four patients receiving placebo and none receiving bedaquiline (0% versus 22%; 0 = 0.066). In all, 23 patients (49%), including 13 receiving placebo (54%) and 10 receiving bedaquiline (44%), discontinued the study prior to its completion, 12 during the first 24 weeks of treatment. Eight subjects were withdrawn for noncompliance or default, and seven withdrew consent, citing the rigorous program of investigations for safety and pharmacokinetic monitoring. Bedaquiline may contribute to the management of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis by effecting more rapid sputum culture negativity and by preventing acquired resistance to companion drugs.",
"Correction of shock by volume expansion with either Dextran 70 or hydroxyethyl starch in children with severe malaria acidosis is safe with low mortality, including the highest risk cases admitted in coma. Both solutions present an attractive and practical option for consideration in future volume resuscitation trials in severe malaria.",
"Before enrollment, 40% of the patients had used a vitamin K antagonist. The data and safety monitoring board recommended early termination of the study because of a clear benefit in favor of apixaban. There were 51 primary outcome events (1.6% per year) among patients assigned to apixaban and 113 (3.7% per year) among those assigned to aspirin (hazard ratio with apixaban, 0.45; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.32 to 0.62; P<0.001). The rates of death were 3.5% per year in the apixaban group and 4.4% per year in the aspirin group (hazard ratio, 0.79; 95% CI, 0.62 to 1.02; P=0.07). There were 44 cases of major bleeding (1.4% per year) in the apixaban group and 39 (1.2% per year) in the aspirin group (hazard ratio with apixaban, 1.13; 95% CI, 0.74 to 1.75; P=0.57); there were 11 cases of intracranial bleeding with apixaban and 13 with aspirin. The risk of a first hospitalization for cardiovascular causes was reduced with apixaban as compared with aspirin (12.6% per year vs. 15.9% per year, P<0.001). The treatment effects were consistent among important subgroups.",
"The efficacy of the vasoactive compound buflomedil on previously described microcirculation abnormalities observed in sickle cell disease (SCD) was investigated using bulbar conjunctival angioscopy (BCA) and laser doppler flux metering. Eleven sickle cell disease patients at steady state were studied in a double-blind randomized parallel-versus-placebo study (5 patients were given placebo and 6 patients received 600 mg buflomedil per day for 21 days after a washout period of 15 days). The blood flux score measured by BCA improved, indicating reduced entrapment of sickle red blood cells. There was a striking improvement of reactive alterations of vasomotion in the buflomedil group, particularly in postocclusive reactive hyperemia; the half return time was also significantly reduced. These results encourage further studies with buflomedil to investigate long-term effects of this compound in SCD, potential prevention of acute vaso-occlusive events, and degenerative complications.",
"This post hoc subanalysis shows that MAP0004 was effective in treating migraine irrespective of the time of treatment, even more than 8 hours after onset of migraine pain.",
"Pistachios are high in lutein, beta-carotene, and gamma-tocopherol relative to other nuts; however, studies of the effects of pistachios on oxidative status are lacking. We conducted a randomized, crossover controlled-feeding study to evaluate 2 doses of pistachios on serum antioxidants and biomarkers of oxidative status in 28 hypercholesterolemic adults (LDL-cholesterol >or=2.86 mmol/L). Participants consumed 3 isoenergetic diets for 4 wk each after a 2-wk baseline Western diet. Experimental diets included a lower-fat control diet without pistachios (25% total fat) with 1 serving/d (i.e. 32-63 g/d; energy adjusted) of pistachios (1 PD; 10% energy from pistachios; 30% total fat) or with 2 servings/d (63-126 g/d; energy adjusted) of pistachios (2 PD; 20% energy from pistachios; 34% total fat). When participants consumed the pistachio-enriched diets, they had higher plasma lutein (P < 0.0001), alpha-carotene, and beta-carotene (P < 0.01) concentrations than after the baseline diet. After consuming the pistachio diets, participants had greater plasma lutein (P < 0.001) and gamma-tocopherol (P < 0.05; 2 PD only) relative to the lower-fat control diet. After the 2 PD diet period, participants also had lower serum oxidized-LDL concentrations than following the baseline diet period (P < 0.05). After both the 1 PD and 2 PD diet periods, they had lower serum oxidized-LDL concentrations than after the control diet period (P < 0.05). The change in oxidized-LDL from baseline correlated positively with the change in LDL-cholesterol across all treatments (r = 0.42; P < 0.005). After controlling for the change in serum LDL-cholesterol as a covariate, increases in serum lutein and gamma-tocopherol following the 2 PD period were still modestly associated with decreases in oxidized-LDL (r = -0.36, P = 0.06 and r = -0.35, P = 0.08, respectively). This suggests that a heart-healthy diet including pistachios contributes to the decrease in the serum oxidized-LDL concentration through cholesterol-lowering and may provide an added benefit as a result of the antioxidants the pistachios contain.",
"Association of Q waves with infarct size is strongest when using the classic Q-wave criteria. Q-wave regression is associated with the largest improvement of LVEF as assessed with CMR.",
"Surgical resection of cardiac pheochromocytomas can be performed successfully. However, resection of lesions that aggressively invade adjacent myocardium is associated with significant mortality and inadequate control of the neoplasm. Cardiac transplantation should be available as an option before embarking on resection, and it should be performed if mandated by intraoperative findings.",
"In patients with systolic HF, low HQoL is associated with an increased rate of cardiovascular death or hospital admission for HF. Reduction in HR with ivabradine is associated with improved HQoL. The magnitude of HR reduction is related to the extent of improvement in HQoL.",
"The safety of artemether-lumefantrine in patients with acute, uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria was investigated prospectively using the auditory brainstem response (ABR) and pure-tone thresholds. Secondary outcomes included polymerase chain reaction-corrected cure rates. Patients were randomly assigned in a 3:1:1 ratio to either artemether-lumefantrine (N = 159), atovaquone-proguanil (N = 53), or artesunate-mefloquine (N = 53). The null hypothesis (primary outcome), claiming that the percentage of patients with a baseline to Day-7 ABR Wave III latency increase of > 0.30 msec is ≥ 15% after administration of artemether-lumefantrine, was rejected; 2.6% of patients (95% confidence interval: 0.7-6.6) exceeded 0.30 msec, i.e., significantly below 15% (P < 0.0001). A model-based analysis found no apparent relationship between drug exposure and ABR change. In all three groups, average improvements (2-4 dB) in pure-tone thresholds were observed, and polymerase chain reaction-corrected cure rates were > 95% to Day 42. The results support the continued safe and efficacious use of artemether-lumefantrine in uncomplicated falciparum malaria.",
"High residual platelet reactivity (RPR) on clopidogrel treatment has been associated with increased risk for ischemic events during follow-up in patients with acute coronary syndromes. The aim of this study was to assess the incidence, predictors, and clinical consequences of high RPR in a large population of patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndromes who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention and stenting. Overall, 833 patients received point-of-care testing of platelet inhibition 30 days after percutaneous coronary intervention. High RPR was diagnosed on the basis of P2Y₁₂ reaction units >230. The incidence and predictors of death, myocardial infarction, stroke, and serious bleeding events were assessed up to 1 year from the day of testing. P2Y₁₂ reaction units were normally distributed, and 264 patients were classified as poor responders (31.7%). Independent predictors of response to clopidogrel were male gender (odds ratio [OR] 1.51), age (OR 0.96), diabetes mellitus (OR 0.51), and use of proton pump inhibitors (OR 0.59). At 1 year, poor responders showed higher rates of death (4.6% vs 1.9%, p = 0.032) and serious bleeding events (4.9% vs 1.8%, p = 0.009) compared with good responders. After adjustment for confounders, high RPR did not emerge as an independent predictor of mortality (OR 0.57, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.23 to 1.42, p = 0.23) or serious bleeding events (OR 0.61, 95% CI 0.25 to 1.52, p = 0.29). The results did not change using the a cut-off value for P2Y₁₂ reaction units of 208. In conclusion, 1/3 of patients with acute coronary syndromes who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention and stenting showed high on-treatment RPR on bedside monitoring. They had a worse prognosis, but the level of platelet inhibition was not independently associated with the incidence of ischemic or bleeding events.",
"Dense epicardial mapping in the potential GP areas identified active GP locations in a high percentage of patients. GPs between the PVs and interatrial groove have a high potential as ablation targets for treatment of concomitant AF.",
"QRS duration is greater and fQRS complexes are more frequent in patients with BD. These findings may indicate subclinical cardiac involvement in BD. Given the prognostic significance of ECG parameters, it is reasonable to evaluate patients with BD with prolonged and fQRS complexes more in detail such as late potentials in signal averaged ECG in terms of cardiac involvement.",
"A single preoperative drop of brimonidine 0.2% had similar efficacy and safety as apraclonidine 0.5% in preventing transient IOP elevations after ALT.",
"Cigarette smoking adversely affects culture conversion during anti-tuberculosis treatment. Support for smoking cessation should be considered to improve outcomes in TB control programs.",
"Decreased activity of daily living is a strong risk factor for liver injury among adult inpatients with newly diagnosed smear-positive lung tuberculosis treated using a standard regimen.",
"Although nearly all patients after an AMI are discharged on appropriate secondary prevention medications, dose increases occur infrequently, and most patients are prescribed doses below those with proven efficacy in clinical trials. Integration of dose intensity into performance measures might help improve the use of optimal medical therapy after AMI.",
"Subjects with symptomatic, persistent/high-burden paroxysmal atrial fibrillation (AF) were enrolled at 6 centers (n=86) and randomized to 1 of 2 arms. For group I, all CFAE regions with an interval confidence level >7 were ablated followed by pulmonary vein isolation (PVI). For group II, only CFAE sites with continuous electric activity were ablated followed by PVI. For PVI, all 4 PV antra were isolated with confirmed entrance block. Subjects were followed for 1 year with a visit, ECG, and 48-hour Holter every 3 months. Symptoms were confirmed by loop recording. The primary end point was freedom from arrhythmia >30 seconds at 1 year. For both group I and II, CFAE ablation prolonged AF cycle length (25±33 versus 23±33 ms; P=0.78) and resulted in similar rates of AF termination (37% versus 28%; P=0.42). Radiofrequency duration during CFAE ablation was significantly less in group II (23±20 versus 38±20 minutes; P=0.002). At 1-year follow-up, freedom from AF/atrial flutter/atrial tachycardia recurrence was significantly higher in group I versus group II after 1 procedure (50% versus 28%; P=0.03). There were also significantly fewer repeat procedures in group I (13% versus 36%; P=0.021).",
"Reduced noncontrast myocardial T₁ values are the most sensitive and specific cardiovascular MRI parameter in patients with FD irrespective of sex and LV morphology and function.",
"Patients hospitalized for AMI and HF in regions with a low density of cardiologists experienced modestly higher 30-day and 1-year mortality risk, unlike patients with pneumonia.",
"Compared with a regimen of separately administered drugs, a 4-drug FDC regimen for treatment of tuberculosis satisfied prespecified noninferiority criteria in 2 of 3 analyses. Although the results do not demonstrate full noninferiority of the FDCs compared with single drugs given separately using the strict definition applied in this trial, use of FDCs is preferred because of potential advantages associated with the administration of FDCs compared with separate-drug formulations.",
"LAD are present in about one-fourth of patients undergoing AF ablation and, in general, they have no impact on its safety and efficacy. However, occasionally, radiofrequency energy delivery in a LAD can cause tissue overheating and perforation.",
"The pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties of a new pediatric formulation of artemether-lumefantrine, dispersible tablet, were determined within the context of a multicenter, randomized, parallel-group study. In an exploratory approach, we compared a new pediatric formulation with the tablet formulation administered crushed in the treatment of African children with uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria. Patients were randomized to 3 different dosing groups (weights of 5 to <15 kg, 15 and <25 kg, and 25 to <35 kg). Treatment was administered twice daily over 3 days. Plasma concentrations of artemether and its active metabolite, dihydroartemisinin (DHA), were determined at 1 and 2 h after the first dose of dispersible (n = 91) and crushed (n = 93) tablets. A full pharmacokinetic profile of lumefantrine was reconstituted on the basis of 310 (dispersible tablet) and 315 (crushed tablet) plasma samples, collected at 6 different time points (1 sample per patient). Dispersible and crushed tablets showed similar artemether and DHA maximum concentrations in plasma (C(max)) for the different body weight groups, with overall means of 175 ± 168 and 190 ± 168 ng/ml, respectively, for artemether and 64.7 ± 58.1 and 63.7 ± 65.0 ng/ml, respectively, for DHA. For lumefantrine, the population C(max) were 6.3 μg/ml (dispersible tablet) and 7.7 μg/ml (crushed tablet), whereas the areas under the concentration-time curves from time zero to the time of the last quantifiable plasma concentration measured were 574 and 636 μg · h/ml, respectively. For both formulations, descriptive quintile analyses showed no apparent association between artemether/DHA C(max) and parasite clearance time or between the lumefantrine C(max) and the occurrence of adverse events or corrected QT interval changes. The results suggest that the dispersible tablet provides adequate systemic exposure to artemether, DHA, and lumefantrine in African children with uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria.",
"We failed to demonstrate efficacy of a RIPC protocol with respect to incidence and severity of POCD and secondary outcome variables in patients undergoing a wide range of cardiac surgery. Therefore, definitive large-scale multicenter trials are needed.",
"This study demonstrated that previous control of the adrenal vein was not a determinate factor in dealing with dangerous hypertension during laparoscopic adrenalectomies.",
"African-American patients with end-stage renal disease have historically lower hemoglobin concentrations and higher requirements of erythropoiesis-stimulating agent (ESA). While disparities in health-care access may partially explain these findings, the role of variant hemoglobin, such as sickle trait, has not been investigated. To clarify this, we evaluated 154 African-American patients receiving in-center hemodialysis with available hemoglobin phenotyping. The primary exposure was any abnormal hemoglobin variant and the primary outcome of higher-dose ESA was defined as a dose of 6500 or more units per treatment. Logistic regression assessed the association between variant hemoglobin and higher-dose ESA. Covariates included age, gender, diabetes, iron parameters, intravenous iron dose, parathyroid hormone, albumin, phosphorus, body mass index, vascular access type, hospitalization/missed treatments, smoking status, alcohol abuse, and gastrointestinal bleeding. Of 33 patients with variant hemoglobin, 24 had HbAS and 9 had HbAC. Univariate odds of higher-dose ESA among those with hemoglobin variants were twice that of those with the normal HbAA phenotype (odds ratio 2.05). In multivariate models, the likelihood of higher-dose ESA had an odds ratio of 3.31 and the nature of this relationship did not change in Poisson regression or sensitivity analyses. Hence, our findings may explain, in part, the difference in ESA dosing between Caucasians and African-Americans with end-stage renal disease but await further study.",
"Although use of prehospital cooling reduced core temperature by hospital arrival and reduced the time to reach a temperature of 34°C, it did not improve survival or neurological status among patients resuscitated from prehospital VF or those without VF.",
"The decreasing malaria prevalence previously observed in Gabon between 2000 and 2008 was not associated with a significant reduction of anaemia and SMA burden among children. Furthermore, other factors such as nutritional deficiencies, which may not be negligible, must be investigated in this vulnerable population.",
"Preclinical trials indicate that CD34+ cells represent an effective angiogenic stem cell component. Early-phase clinical trials suggest that intramyocardial administration of autologous CD34+ cells may improve functional capacity and symptoms of angina. RENEW is a pivotal phase 3 trial designed to determine the efficacy of granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF)-mobilized CD34+ stem cells for the treatment for patients with refractory angina and chronic myocardial ischemia. Patients (n = 444) receiving maximally tolerated antianginal therapies and lacking conventional revascularization options with Canadian Cardiovascular Society class III or IV angina and ischemia on stress testing will be randomized 2:1:1 to cell therapy (G-CSF-mediated stem cell mobilization, apheresis, and intramyocardial injection of 1 × 10(5) autologous CD34(+) cells/kg), active control (G-CSF-mediated stem cell mobilization, apheresis, and intramyocardial placebo injection), or open-label standard of care. The primary efficacy end point is change in exercise treadmill time in the treated vs active control patients, with 90% power to detect a 60-second difference in exercise time between cell-treated (n = 200) and active control (n = 100) patients. Key secondary end points include total number of anginal episodes per week and the incidence of independently adjudicated major adverse cardiac events and serious adverse events. RENEW will be the first adequately powered study aimed at definitively determining the efficacy of a cell therapy (intramyocardially delivered autologous CD34+ cells) for improvement of functional capacity in patients with refractory angina.",
"The analysis included 883 SWIFT participants who initiated breastfeeding and did not have diabetes at 6-9 wk postpartum. Delayed OL was reported by 33% of women and was associated with prepregnancy obesity (OR: 1.56; 95% CI: 1.07, 2.29), older maternal age (OR: 1.05; 95% CI: 1.01, 1.08), insulin GDM treatment (OR: 3.11; 95% CI: 1.37, 7.05), and suboptimal in-hospital breastfeeding (OR: 1.65; 95% CI: 1.20, 2.26). A higher gestational age was associated with decreased odds of delayed OL but only in multiparous mothers (OR: 0.79; 95% CI: 0.67, 0.94).",
"The importance of SMARTER lies not simply in the use of pedometer-based monitoring but also on its integration into a prescription-based intervention delivered by the treating physician. Equally important is the measurement of impact of this approach on a summative indicator of arterial health, arterial stiffness. If effectiveness is demonstrated, this strategy has strong potential for widespread uptake and implementation, given that it is well-aligned with the structure of current clinical practice.",
"The development of a vaccine against malaria has public health priority. In a controlled setting, preliminary data on the efficacy of Plasmodium falciparum vaccine candidates can be obtained by exposing immunized human volunteers to the bites of laboratory-reared P. falciparum-infected mosquitoes. Using empirical data, we show that these trials, with small numbers of volunteers, are sufficiently powered to detect protective biological effects induced by preerythrocytic and/or blood-stage candidate vaccines if parasitemia is measured daily by quantitative polymerase chain reaction. Sporozoite challenge trials are thus a powerful tool for early selection of candidates that warrant efficacy of trials in the field.",
"ABP appears to be a safe and effective treatment option for PAL in children. ABP offers an inexpensive, easy to perform technique and avoids use of toxic chemicals for pleurodesis in pediatric patients.",
"Both latanoprost and bimatoprost significantly reduced IOP in CACG patients who were inadequately treated by laser peripheral iridotomy.",
"Ingestion of caffeine less than 4 hours before a 6-mg adenosine bolus significantly reduces its effectiveness in the treatment of SVT. An increased initial adenosine dose may be indicated for these patients.",
"Transcatheter aortic valve implantation constitutes a safe and viable therapeutic option for high operative risk patients with severe aortic stenosis. Long-term prognosis is conditioned by associate comorbidities.",
"Low dose spironolactone exerts significant BP and urinary albumin creatinine ratio lowering effects in high-risk patients with resistant hypertension and type 2 diabetes mellitus.",
"Our results suggest that pravastatin is effective in preventing CHD in blacks.",
"The efficacy of both dosages of dabigatran was consistent with the overall trial irrespective of renal function. However, with the CKD-EPI and MDRD equations, both dabigatran dosages displayed significantly lower rates of major bleeding in patients with glomerular filtration rate ≥80 mL/min.",
"Effects of AZD0837 and ximelagatran on thrombus formation were similar or greater than for VKA therapy and correlated with plasma concentrations of their active forms.",
"The objective of this study was to verify the effect of yerba mate (Ilex paraguariensis) consumption on lipid and lipoprotein levels in humans. One hundred and two individuals participated of this single-blind controlled trial. Normolipidemic (n = 15), dyslipidemic (n = 57), and hypercholesterolemic subjects on long-term statin therapy (n = 30) ingested 330 mL, 3 times/day, of green or roasted yerba mate infusions for 40 days. In normolipidemic subjects, yerba mate consumption reduced LDL-cholesterol by 8.7% (p < 0.05). Compared with the baseline period, yerba mate intake by dyslipidemic individuals for 20 and 40 days lowered LDL-cholesterol by 8.1 and 8.6% (p < 0.001) and non-HDL cholesterol by 5.4 and 6.5% (p < 0.01). After 20 days of yerba mate intake, apolipoprotein B was reduced by 6.0% (p < 0.05) and HDL-cholesterol was increased by 4.4% (p < 0.01). In all participants triglyceride levels remained unchanged. The consumption of yerba mate by hypercholesterolemic individuals on statin therapy promoted additional 10.0 and 13.1% reductions in LDL-C after 20 and 40 days, respectively (p < 0.001) and increased HDL-cholesterol by 6.2% after 40 days (p < 0.05). It was thus concluded that intake of yerba mate infusion improved the lipid parameters in normolipidemic and dyslipidemic subjects and provided an additional LDL-cholesterol reduction in hypercholesterolemic subjects on statin treatment, which may reduce the risk for cardiovascular diseases.",
"Among patients with high-risk aortic stenosis undergoing TAVR, the use of a balloon-expandable valve resulted in a greater rate of device success than use of a self-expandable valve.",
"In the randomized, placebo-controlled double-blind SCAMI trial improvement in LVEF up to 3 years was higher in BMC patients treated with a high cell number or without MO.",
"We assessed the safety, tolerability, and immunogenicity of a mixture of three synthetic peptides derived from the Plasmodium vivax circumsporozoite protein formulated in Montanide ISA 720 or Montanide ISA 51. Forty healthy malaria-naive volunteers were allocated to five experimental groups (A-E): four groups (A-D) were immunized intramuscularly with 50 and 100 μg/dose injections of a mixture of N, R, and C peptides formulated in the two different adjuvants at 0, 2, and 4 months and one group was administered placebo. Vaccines were immunogenic, safe, well tolerated, and no serious adverse events related to the vaccine occurred. Seroconversion occurred in > 90% of the vaccines and antibodies recognized the sporozoite protein on immunofluorescent antibody test. Vaccines in Montanide ISA 51 showed a higher sporozoite protein recognition and interferon production. Results encourage further testing of the vaccine protective efficacy.",
"In acute MI, of the known biomarkers, hHGF rises the earliest and very promptly returns to normal values.",
"Although further study is necessary, these results indicate that short wave diathermy may be an alternative treatment for patients with small spontaneous pneumothoraces.",
"Increasing the dose of ASA from 75 mg to 150 mg daily or switching ASA 75 mg to clopidogrel 75 mg daily may reduce concentrations of some inflammatory markers (in particular hsCRP, IL-6 and CD40L) in T2DM patients with HPR treated previously with 75 mg of ASA.",
"Renal dysfunction was highly prevalent in patients with AF and HF. Mineralocorticoid receptor antagonists were independently associated with an increased incidence of cardiovascular deaths, predominantly of presumed arrhythmic cause. Although these provocative findings merit prospective validation, they underscore the importance of careful monitoring of renal function and electrolytes in patients with AF and HF receiving mineralocorticoid receptor antagonists.",
"A model for oral sumatriptan pharmacokinetics can be found using the differential calculus, and it is generalizable to oral almotriptan. The model suggests that an MAOI-A probably has greater effect on elimination kinetics than first-pass metabolism, and that this interaction appears to be overstated in product labeling.",
"Mitochondrial aldehyde dehydrogenase-2 (ALDH-2) is involved in preconditioning pathways, but its role in remote ischaemic preconditioning (rIPC) is unknown. We investigated its role in animal and human models of rIPC. (i) In a rabbit model of myocardial infarction, rIPC alone reduced infarct size [69 ± 5.8 % (n = 11) to 40 ± 6.5 % (n = 12), P = 0.019]. However, rIPC protection was lost after pre-treatment with the ALDH-2 inhibitor cyanamide (62 ± 7.6 % controls, n = 10, versus 61 ± 6.9 % rIPC after cyanamide, n = 10, P > 0.05). (ii) In a forearm plethysmography model of endothelial ischaemia-reperfusion injury, 24 individuals of Asian ethnic origin underwent combined rIPC and ischaemia-reperfusion (IR). 11 had wild-type (WT) enzyme and 13 carried the Glu504Lys (ALDH2*2) polymorphism (rendering ALDH-2 functionally inactive). In WT individuals, rIPC protected against impairment of response to acetylcholine (P = 0.9), but rIPC failed to protect carriers of Glu504Lys polymorphism (P = 0.004). (iii) In a second model of endothelial IR injury, 12 individuals participated in a double-blind placebo-controlled crossover study, receiving the ALDH-2 inhibitor disulfiram 600 mg od or placebo for 48 h prior to assessment of flow-mediated dilation (FMD) before and after combined rIPC and IR. With placebo, rIPC was effective with no difference in FMD before and after IR (6.18 ± 1.03 % and 4.76 ± 0.93 % P = 0.1), but disulfiram inhibited rIPC with a reduction in FMD after IR (7.87 ± 1.27 % and 3.05 ± 0.53 %, P = 0.001). This study demonstrates that ALDH-2 is involved in the rIPC pathway in three distinct rabbit and human models. This has potential implications for future clinical studies of remote conditioning.",
"The use of amlodipine in conjunction with standard chelation therapy may suggest a new strategy in preventing and treating iron overload in patients with thalassemia major, especially in organs where iron absorption depends on active uptake by calcium channels like the heart.",
"Appropriately trained HEMS doctors provide advanced management and decision-making. This is without a negative effect on on-scene time, even when performing complex procedures. They are more likely to declare death or discharge patients at the scene, increasing the availability of this limited resource.",
"Our data suggest that NCC-AT is characterized by a longer atrioventricular (AV) conduction time, steeper AS angle, and thicker IVS than are seen with AVNRT. These electrocardiographic and echocardiographic characteristics from the IVS to the peri-AV nodal regions may have some effect on the development of NCC-AT.",
"Frovatriptan, with fast onset of action and low rate of headache recurrence, was efficacious and well accepted by migraineurs attending neurologists or pain therapists. Approximately 80% of patients wished to continue migraine treatment with frovatriptan.",
"For patients with a simple, uncomplicated traumatic pneumothorax, use of a 14-Fr pigtail catheter is associated with reduced pain at the site of insertion, with no other clinically important differences noted compared with chest tubes.",
"Combined therapy with XZK and Valsartan can improve hypertensive LVH and HRT parameters, and lessen the damage on the autonomous nervous system.",
"Our study points to the importance of P. vivax-associated severe disease in children, causing 72.5% of the malaria admissions to pediatric ICUs. WHO severity criteria demonstrated good sensitivity in predicting severe P. vivax infection in this small case series.",
"Prevention of tuberculosis (TB) through vaccination would substantially reduce the global TB burden. Mtb72F/AS02 is a candidate TB vaccine shown to be immunogenic and well tolerated in PPD-negative adults. We evaluated the safety and immunogenicity of Mtb72F/AS02 in Mycobacterium-primed adults (BCG-vaccinated, or infected adults who had received post-exposure chemoprophylaxis or treatment for pulmonary TB disease). In this observer-blind controlled trial, 20 BCG-vaccinated adults and 18 adults previously infected with Mycobacterium tuberculosis (Mtb), were randomized 3:1 to receive three doses of Mtb72F/AS02 or AS02 at one-month intervals, and followed for 6 months post third vaccination. Mtb72F/AS02 was well tolerated in BCG-vaccinated adults, and tended to be more reactogenic in Mtb-infected adults. Adverse events were mainly self-limiting, resolving without sequelae. No serious adverse events were reported. The adverse events in Mtb72F/AS02 vaccinees were not clearly associated with vaccine-induced responses (as assessed by proinflammatory cytokines, total IgE and C-reactive protein levels). No Th2 T-cell responses, or vaccine-induced T-cell responses to Mtb antigens (CFP-10/PPD/ESAT-6) were detected by ICS. In both cohorts, Mtb72F/AS02 induced persistent polyfunctional Mtb72F-specific CD4(+) T-cell responses and anti-Mtb72F humoral responses. IFN-γ was detectable in serum one day post each vaccination. Further evaluation of the candidate vaccine, Mtb72F/AS02, is warranted.",
"Elimination of stable AF rotors and focal sources may explain freedom from AF after diverse approaches to ablation. Patient-specific AF source distributions are consistent with the reported success of specific anatomic lesion sets and of widespread ablation. These results support targeting AF sources to reduce unnecessary ablation, and motivate studies on FIRM-only ablation.",
"Iron supplementation strategies in the developing world remain controversial because of fears of exacerbating prevalent infectious diseases. Understanding the conditions in which iron will be absorbed and incorporated into erythrocytes is therefore important. We studied Gambian children with either postmalarial or nonmalarial anemia, who were given oral iron supplements daily for 30 days. Supplements administered on days 1 and 15 contained the stable iron isotopes (57)Fe and (58)Fe, respectively, and erythrocyte incorporation was measured in blood samples drawn 14 days later. We investigated how the iron-regulatory hormone hepcidin and other inflammatory/iron-related indices, all measured on the day of isotope administration, correlated with erythrocyte iron incorporation. In univariate analyses, hepcidin, ferritin, C-reactive protein, and soluble transferrin receptor (sTfR) strongly predicted incorporation of (57)Fe given on day 1, while hepcidin, ferritin, and sTfR/log ferritin correlated with (58)Fe incorporation. In a final multivariate model, the most consistent predictor of erythrocyte isotope incorporation was hepcidin. We conclude that under conditions of competing signals (anemia, iron deficiency, and infection), hepcidin powerfully controls use of dietary iron. We suggest that low-cost point-of-care hepcidin assays would aid iron supplementation programs in the developing world.",
"Gender disparities in tuberculosis (TB) cases are reported worldwide, and socio-cultural factors have been proposed as possible causes. To date, gender differences in treatment outcomes of TB patients remain controversial. In this prospective observational study, newly diagnosed, culture-proven TB patients from six hospitals in Taiwan were enrolled for analysis. Gender differences in demographic characteristics and treatment outcomes, including sputum conversion and on-treatment mortality, were analysed accordingly. From January 2007 through to December 2009, a total of 1059 patients were enrolled, including 819 (77.3%) males and 240 (22.7%) females. The ratio of male gender was around 50 ~ 60% in TB patients below 35 years and >80% for those older than 65 years. When compared with the female patients, the male patients were older, more likely to have the habit of smoking, chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder, malignancy and liver cirrhosis, and more likely to present with haemoptysis, body weight loss and pleural effusion. Regarding treatment outcomes, male gender is associated with a lower 2-month sputum culture conversion rate (78.8% vs. 89.3%, p 0.002) and higher on-treatment mortality (21.1% vs. 12.1%, p 0.002). Kaplan-Meier survival analysis demonstrated significantly higher mortality in the men (p 0.005). In multivariate analysis, male gender was an independent risk factor for 2-month sputum culture un-conversion (OR, 1.96; 95% CI, 1.12-3.41). Our findings suggest that male gender is associated with older age, more co-morbidities and worse treatment outcomes. Gender-specific strategies, including active case finding in elderly women and smoking cessation in male patients, are warranted to optimize TB management.",
"EAST will determine whether rhythm control therapy, when applied early after the initial diagnosis of AF, can prevent cardiovascular complications associated with AF.",
"This study suggests that following a timolol run-in both DTFC and latanoprost provide comparable daytime efficacy and safety.",
"To determine the diagnostic impact of daily bedside chest radiography in comparison with digital luminescence technique (DLR; storage phosphor radiography) and conventional film screen radiography, a prospective randomized study was completed in 210 mechanically ventilated patients with a total of 420 analysed radiographs. The patients were allocated to two groups: 150 patients underwent DLR, and 60 patients underwent conventional film screen radiography. Radiological analysis was performed consensually and therapeutic efficacy was assessed by the clinicians. There was no statistical significant difference between the frequency of abnormal findings seen on DLR and conventional film screen radiography. In total, 448 abnormal findings were present in 249 of 300 DLR and 97 of 120 conventional film screen radiographs. The most common findings were signs of overhydration (41%), pleural effusion (31%), partial collapse of the lung (11%) and pneumothorax (2%). One hundred and twenty-three of 448 (27%) of these abnormal findings were thought to have a considerable impact on patient management. The high rate of abnormal findings with significant impact on patient management suggests that the use of daily bedside chest radiography may be reasonable.",
"Hypertensive subjects with stable angina might get benefit from the treatment of bisoprolol in improving endothelial function and the survival of myocardium.",
"Norwood LOS, PA stenoses, and nonelective stage 2 procedure, but not shunt type, are independently associated with longer LOS. Nonelective stage 2 procedure, moderate or greater AVV regurgitation, and need for AVV repair are among the risk factors for death.",
"The median weight change at 1 mo of ART was +2.0% (IQR: -0.4% to +4.6%). The association of weight loss at 1 mo with subsequent mortality varied significantly by baseline BMI (P = 0.011). Participants with ≥2.5% weight loss had 6.43 times (95% CI: 3.78, 10.93 times) the hazard of mortality compared with that of participants with weight gains ≥2.5%, if their baseline BMI was <18.5 but only 2.73 times (95% CI: 1.49, 5.00 times) the hazard of mortality if their baseline BMI was ≥18.5 and <25.0. Weight loss at 1 mo was also associated with incident pneumonia (P = 0.002), oral thrush (P = 0.007), and pulmonary tuberculosis (P < 0.001) but not change in CD4 T cell counts (P > 0.05).",
"Procollagen-1-carboxy terminal peptide was reduced following treatment with spironolactone within a month. Further, this is the first study demonstrating amiloride could also improve myocardial fibrosis. The beneficial effects of both drugs on myocardial fibrosis, coupled with their effects on raising potassium translated to a shortening of QTc. Future studies should test the hypothesis that these drugs might reduce the risk of sudden cardiac death in stroke survivors.",
"Selective loss of T(H)1/T(H)17 cells may be a risk factor for the development of active tuberculosis in patients with HIV-1 infection and might be a useful biomarker in the development of tuberculosis vaccines.",
"Although punctum and canaliculus are the main anatomical sites of LDSO associated with topical AGM, common canaliculus and nasolacrimal duct separately or in association with punctum and canaliculus may also be involved.",
"This was a prospective, randomized trial of a low-intensity, 12-week collaborative care program versus usual care for 175 depressed patients hospitalized for acute coronary syndrome, arrhythmia, or heart failure. Study outcomes, assessed using mixed regression models to compare groups at 6 weeks, 12 weeks, and 6 months, included mental health (depression, cognitive symptoms of depression, anxiety, and mental health-related quality of life) and medical (physical health-related quality of life, adherence to medical recommendations, and cardiac symptoms) outcomes. Collaborative care subjects (n=90) had significantly greater improvements on all mental health outcomes at 6 and 12 weeks, including rates of depression response (collaborative care, 59.7% versus usual care 33.7%; odds ratio, 2.91; P=0.003 at 6 weeks; 51.5% versus 34.4%; odds ratio, 2.02; P=0.04 at 12 weeks), though these effects decreased after intervention. At 6 months, intervention subjects had significantly greater self-reported adherence and significantly reduced number and intensity of cardiac symptoms.",
"The vast majority of drug-resistant PAF could be controlled by EEPVI without an additional atrial substrate modification. No progression toward persistent AF was observed during a median follow-up of 6 years.",
"Simple aspiration should be the initial modality of treatment for primary spontaneous and iatrogenic pneumothoraces. For secondary spontaneous pneumothorax and in conditions where pleurodesis is indicated, ICTD remains the treatment of choice.",
"Patients in the rhythm control arm had fewer HF symptoms than those in the rate control arm. Stable sinus rhythm was associated with the best functional status. Patients who are the most symptomatic in AF but are unable to maintain normal sinus rhythm if treated by the means used in the AFFIRM trial may be candidates for other treatment options, such as ablation.",
"Almost all patients (98 %) with AF after PVAC ablation show reconnection of at least one PV. All PV's are equally likely to show reconnection. In the left PV's, reconnection was found more often anteriorly than posteriorly. During pulmonary vein isolation with the PVAC catheter, prevalent sites of reconnection deserve close attention to increase success.",
"A significant reduction in hyperemia was found after switching from monotherapy with prostaglandins or prostamide to a fixed combination of prostamide and a β-blocker. IOP reduction was significant after the intervention in all 3 groups.",
"The purpose of the study was to assess the diagnostic utility of 6-[(18)F]-fluorodopamine ([(18)F]-DA) positron emission tomography scanning (PET) vs. [(131)I]-metaiodobenzylguanidine (MIBG) scintigraphy in patients with metastatic pheochromocytoma (PHEO). We studied 10 men and six women (mean age 38.2 +/- 11.5 yr) referred to our institution for metastatic PHEO; two patients were studied twice within a 2-yr interval. Imaging modalities included computed tomography (CT), magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), [(131)I]-MIBG scintigraphy, and [(18)F]-DA PET. Fifteen of 16 patients had positive findings on CT and/or MRI consistent with the presence of pheochromocytoma. [(18)F]-DA PET was positive in all patients, but seven patients had negative [(131)I]-MIBG scans. Thirty-eight foci of uptake were shown by both [(18)F]-DA PET and [(131)I]-MIBG scintigraphy, 90 only by [(18)F]-DA PET, and 10 only by [(131)I]-MIBG; most lesions were also visible on CT/MRI. In this initial series of patients with metastatic pheochromocytoma, [(18)F]-DA PET localized PHEO in all patients and showed a large number of foci that were not imaged with [(131)I]-MIBG scintigraphy. Thus, [(18)F]-DA PET was found to be a superior imaging method in patients with metastatic PHEO, in which correct detection of disease extension often determines the most appropriate therapeutic plan and future follow-up.",
"Guideline-recommended warfarin use in patients with AF and HF is less than optimal, has not improved over time, and varies significantly according to age, race, risk profile, region, and hospital site.",
"Among patients with CAD referred for CMR and found to have regional wall thinning, limited scar burden was present in 18% and was associated with improved contractility and resolution of wall thinning after revascularization. These findings, which are not consistent with common assumptions, warrant further investigation.",
"Tuberculosis (TB) treatment can cause serious sequelae including adverse effects such as anti-TB drug-induced hepatotoxicity (ATDH). We performed a candidate gene-based association study between single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in 10 genes in the antioxidant pathway and ATDH susceptibility. The subjects comprised 100 Japanese patients with pulmonary TB who received a treatment regimen including isoniazid and rifampicin. Out of them, 18 patients had ATDH. Thirty-four tag SNPs in 10 genes were analyzed by PCR-restriction fragment length polymorphism or PCR-direct DNA sequencing. The frequencies of alleles and genotypes between patients with and without ATDH were compared in three different genetic models. Statistical analyses revealed that a C/C genotype at rs11080344 in NOS2A, a C/C genotype at rs2070401 in BACH1, and a G/A or A/A genotype at rs4720833 in MAFK independently conferred ATDH susceptibility. Remarkably, the association of the latter two tag SNPs with ATDH susceptibility was highly statistically significant (P = 0.0006) with an odds ratio of 9.730. This study is the first report to demonstrate that NOS2A, BACH1, and MAFK appear to be genetic determinants of ATDH in Japanese patients with TB. Furthermore, a combination of BACH1 and MAFK polymorphisms may be useful as new biomarkers to identify high-risk Japanese TB patients for ATDH.",
"Results showed that the transformational patient-centred training methods used led to ongoing training provision and practical improvements. In addition, it was found that addressing health care providers and the community at large through awareness-raising by trained nurses has the potential to bring about behavioural change likely to reduce the risk of transmission. Using a variety of methods was found to be a cost-effective and realistic way of evaluating the effect of training.",
"Early conversion from CsA-based to everolimus-based immunosuppressive treatment in de novo renal transplant recipients caused marginal changes in LV diastolic function but no effect on LV systolic function or LV mass.",
"A discrete prepotential was seen in 9 (26%) of 35 patients with CC-VA. In left and right CC-VA, the site of a discrete prepotential with ≥50 ms activation time may indicate a successful ablation site.",
"EECP seems to be a safe treatment modality in patients with implanted ICD and CRT-D devices. It should be kept in mind that in those patients with CRT-D, rate responsive mode is on; inappropriate sinus tachycardia can be seen during EECP therapy. Also in patients with CRT-D using a unipolar sensing mode, problems of QRS complex sensing by the EECP may occur and, therefore, this effects synchronization and success of EECP therapy.",
"Clinical staging in high-risk patients is often inaccurate (45% difference from pathologic staging). Intention to treat clinically staged T1 disease by video-assisted wedge resection is associated with a high failure rate. Pathologically staged T1 lesions can be successfully resected in 75% of cases; however, narrow resection margins remain a concern.",
"The aim of this study was to evaluate the short-term safety and tolerability of an antimalarial herbal medicinal product (PR 259 CT1) consisting of a quantified 80 % ethanol extract from the stem bark of Nauclea pobeguinii when given orally to healthy adult male volunteers. The amount of the major alkaloid strictosamide in the extract was determined by a validated HPLC method and was shown to be 5.6 %. The herbal preparation was formulated in a gelatine capsule form containing 500 mg of PCR 259 CT1. A sample of 15 healthy male volunteers, selected using the Lot Quality Assurance of Sampling (LQAS) method, was eligible for inclusion after fulfillment of the inclusion criteria and clinical examination by a physician. The volunteers were treated in an outpatient clinic with a drug regimen of two 500 mg capsules three times daily (each eight hours) for seven days, during meals. Safety and tolerability were monitored clinically, haematologically, biochemically and by electrocardiographic (ECG) examination at days 0, 1, 3, 7 and 14. Adverse effects were recorded by self-reporting of the participants or by detection of abnormalities in clinical examinations by a physician. The oral administration of PR 259 CT1 at high doses of 2 × 500 mg/capsule/day for 7 days was found to induce no significant changes in the concentration levels of all investigated haematological, biochemical, electrocardiogram and vital sign parameters and physical characteristics after 14 days of treatment compared to those seen in the baseline data. The concentration levels of all evaluated parameters were within the normal limits as reported in the literature. All adverse events noted were mild and self-resolving including increase of appetite (33 %), headache (20 %) and nausea (20 %). Other minor side effects were insomnia, somnolence and asthenia (7 %). Thus, PR 259 CT1 presented a significant safety and tolerability in healthy volunteers to allow its further development by starting a phase II clinical trial.",
"Inward rectifier potassium currents I(K1) and acetylcholine activated I(K,ACh) are implicated in atrial fibrillation (AF) pathophysiology. In chronic AF (cAF), I(K,ACh) develops a receptor-independent, constitutively active component that together with increased I(K1) is considered to support maintenance of AF. Here, we tested whether class I (propafenone, flecainide) and class III (dofetilide, AVE0118) antiarrhythmic drugs inhibit atrial I(K1) and I(K,ACh) in patients with and without cAF. I(K1) and I(K,ACh) were measured with voltage clamp technique in atrial myocytes from 58 sinus rhythm (SR) and 35 cAF patients. The M-receptor agonist carbachol (CCh; 2 microM) was employed to activate I(K,ACh). In SR, basal current was not affected by either drug indicating no effect of these compounds on I(K1). In contrast, all tested drugs inhibited CCh-activated I(K,ACh) in a concentration-dependent manner. In cAF, basal current was confirmed to be larger than in SR (at -80 mV, -15.2 +/- 1.2 pA/pF, n = 88/35 vs. -6.5 +/- 0.4 pA/pF, n = 194/58 [myocytes/patients]; P < 0.05), whereas CCh-activated I(K,ACh) was smaller (-4.1 +/- 0.5 pA/pF vs. -9.5 +/- 0.6 pA/pF; P < 0.05). In cAF, receptor-independent constitutive I(K,ACh) contributes to increased basal current, which was reduced by flecainide and AVE0118 only. This may be due to inhibition of constitutively active I(K,ACh) channels. In cAF, all tested drugs reduced CCh-activated I(K,ACh). We conclude that in cAF, flecainide and AVE0118 reduce receptor-independent, constitutively active I(K,ACh), suggesting that they may block I(K,ACh) channels, whereas propafenone and dofetilide likely inhibit M-receptors. The efficacy of flecainide to terminate AF may in part result from blockade of I(K,ACh).",
"Although pitavastatin 1 mg daily was not as effective at lowering LDL-C and TC levels as atorvastatin 10 mg daily, the number of patients achieving their LDL-C goals with pitavastatin was comparable with the number using atorvastatin. Pitavastatin 1 mg once daily may be an alternative regimen with cost-saving benefits but without a significant decrease in therapeutic benefit or increase in adverse events in patients with hypercholesterolemia.",
"Prompt repeat testing after out-of-range INR values is associated with better anticoagulation control at the site level and could be an important part of a quality improvement effort for oral anticoagulation.",
"DM patients with coronary heart disease had a higher prevalence of cardiovascular disease risk factors as well as lower physical capacity than NDM patients at the beginning of rehabilitation. All patients demonstrated improvement in exercise capacity after rehabilitation. More importantly, the extent of the improvement was similar in DM and NDM patients. This study, which involved a large population, emphasizes the capacity of DM patients to fully benefit from a multidisciplinary risk factor management program, including exercise training and educational programs.",
"Patients with NSTEMI treated at academic centers are more likely to receive guideline-recommended therapies and had modestly better 30-day outcomes. Nevertheless, these differences do not persist out to 1 year.",
"Shensongyangxin capsules and propafenone have comparable efficacies in the treatment of PAF. The efficacy of TCM symptoms is better than propafenone. Shensongyangxin capsules have an excellent profile of safety.",
"Endometrial cancer is primarily a hormonally mediated disease. As such, factors that mediate or reflect exposure to estrogens, or that mediate response to such exposure, may plausibly be associated with endometrial cancer risk. History of migraines, another hormonally mediated condition, has recently been associated with a reduced risk of hormone receptor-positive breast cancer; however, the relationship between migraines and endometrial cancer has not previously been explored. We evaluated the relationship between migraine history and endometrial cancer risk in postmenopausal women, considering also the potential impact of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) use, given the relationship of NSAIDs to hormones and to migraine history. We identified 93,384 women participating in the Women's Health Initiative prospective cohort who had an intact uterus at the time of study entry. Using Cox proportional hazards regression, we assessed risk of endometrial cancer during study follow-up according to history of migraines and according to current NSAID use at the time of study entry, adjusting for age, study arm, race, and hormone therapy use. We also evaluated interaction in these associations by body mass index. Having a history of migraines was not associated with endometrial cancer risk [hazard ratio (HR) = 0.91, 95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.75-1.11], regardless of body mass index (BMI) or NSAID use status. Similarly, current NSAID use was not associated with endometrial cancer risk (HR = 1.01, 95% CI = 0.88-1.16), regardless of BMI. Migraine history and NSAID use do not appear to be associated with risk of endometrial cancer.",
"Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN53339491. Please see later in the article for the Editors' Summary.",
"Many of the risk factors for stroke in atrial fibrillation (AF) are also important risk factors for bleeding. Wetested the hypothesis that the CHADS2 and CHA2DS2-VASc scores (used for stroke risk assessment) could be used to predict serious bleeding, and that these scores would compare well against the HAS-BLED score, which is a specific risk score designed for bleeding risk assessment. From the AMADEUS trial, we focused on the trial's primary safety outcome for serious bleeding, which was "any clinically relevant bleeding". The predictive value of HAS-BLED/CHADS2/CHA2DS2-VASc were compared by area under the curve (AUC, a measure of the c-index) and the Net Reclassification Improvement (NRI). Of 2,293 patients on VKA, 251 (11%) experienced at least one episode of "any clinically relevant bleeding" during an average 429 days follow up period. Incidence of "any clinically relevant bleeding" rose with increasing HAS-BLED/CHADS2/CHA2DS2-VASc scores, but was statistically significant only for HAS-BLED (p<0.0001). Only HAS-BLED demonstrated significant discriminatory performance for "any clinically relevant bleeding" (AUC 0.60, p<0.0001). There were significant AUC-differences between HAS-BLED (which had the highest AUC) and both CHADS2 (p<0.001) and CHA2DS2VASc (p=0.001). The HAS-BLED score also demonstrated significant NRI for the outcome of "any clinically relevant bleeding" when compared with CHADS2 (p=0.001) and CHA2DS2-VASc (p=0.04). In conclusion, the HAS-BLED score demonstrated significant discriminatory performance for "any clinically relevant bleeding" in anticoagulated patients with AF, whilst the CHADS2 and CHA2DS2-VASc scores did not. Bleeding risk assessment should be made using a specific bleeding risk score such as HAS-BLED, and the stroke risk scores such as CHADS2 or CHA2DS2-VASc scores should not be used.",
"Patients treated with CoSeal® in this study had, as a group, a longer duration of air leak and hence we cannot recommend its routine use.",
"Although some studies suggest that a linear dose-response relationship exists between exercise and insulin sensitivity, the exercise dose required to enhance pancreatic β-cell function is unknown. Thirty-five older obese adults with prediabetes underwent a progressive 12-wk supervised exercise intervention (5 days/wk for 60 min at ~85% HRmax). Insulin and C-peptide responses to an OGTT were used to define the first- and second-phase disposition index (DI; β-cell function = glucose-stimulated insulin secretion × clamp-derived insulin sensitivity). Maximum oxygen consumption (Vo2max) and body composition (dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry and computed tomography) were also measured before and after the intervention. Exercise dose was computed using Vo2/heart-rate derived linear regression equations. Subjects expended 474.5 ± 8.8 kcal/session (2,372.5 ± 44.1 kcal/wk) during the intervention and lost ~8% body weight. Exercise increased first- and second-phase DI (P < 0.05), and these changes in DI were linearly related to exercise dose (DIfirst phase: r = 0.54, P < 0.001; DIsecond phase: r = 0.56, P = 0.0005). Enhanced DI was also associated with increased Vo2max (DIfirst phase: r = 0.36, P = 0.04; DIsecond phase: r = 0.41, P < 0.02) but not lower body fat (DIfirst phase: r = -0.21, P = 0.25; DIsecond phase: r = -0.30, P = 0.10) after training. Low baseline DI predicted an increase in DI after the intervention (DIfirst phase: r = -0.37; DIsecond phase: r = -0.41, each P < 0.04). Thus, exercise training plus weight loss increased pancreatic β-cell function in a linear dose-response manner in adults with prediabetes. Our data suggest that higher exercise doses (i.e., >2,000 kcal/wk) are necessary to enhance β-cell function in adults with poor insulin secretion capacity.",
"Novel features of this registry program will add data from clinical practice to those from randomized trials to expand knowledge of antithrombotic treatment in patients with AF.",
"Over 50% of the patients surveyed were either noncompliant or demonstrated improper administration technique. Glaucoma patients should be educated on the importance of compliance and instructed on proper drop administration.",
"Vitamin K has been related to cardiovascular disease and cancer risk. However, data on total mortality are scarce. The aim of the present study was to assess the association between the dietary intake of different types of vitamin K and mortality in a Mediterranean population at high cardiovascular disease risk. A prospective cohort analysis was conducted in 7216 participants from the PREDIMED (Prevención con Dieta Mediterránea) study (median follow-up of 4.8 y). Energy and nutrient intakes were evaluated using a validated 137-item food frequency questionnaire. Dietary vitamin K intake was calculated annually using the USDA food composition database and other published sources. Deaths were ascertained by an end-point adjudication committee unaware of the dietary habits of participants after they had reviewed medical records and linked up to the National Death Index. Cox proportional hazard models were fitted to assess the RR of mortality. Energy-adjusted baseline dietary phylloquinone intake was inversely associated with a significantly reduced risk of cancer and all-cause mortality after controlling for potential confounders (HR: 0.54; 95% CI: 0.30, 0.96; and HR: 0.64; 95% CI: 0.45, 0.90, respectively). In longitudinal assessments, individuals who increased their intake of phylloquinone or menaquinone during follow-up had a lower risk of cancer (HR: 0.64; 95% CI: 0.43, 0.95; and HR: 0.41; 95% CI: 0.26, 0.64, respectively) and all-cause mortality (HR: 0.57; 95% CI: 0.44, 0.73; and HR: 0.55; 95% CI: 0.42, 0.73, respectively) than individuals who decreased or did not change their intake. Also, individuals who increased their intake of dietary phylloquinone had a lower risk of cardiovascular mortality risk (HR: 0.52; 95% CI: 0.31, 0.86). However, no association between changes in menaquinone intake and cardiovascular mortality was observed (HR: 0.76; 95% CI: 0.44, 1.29). An increase in dietary intake of vitamin K is associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular, cancer, or all-cause mortality in a Mediterranean population at high cardiovascular disease risk. This trial was registered at http://www.controlled-trials.com as ISRCTN35739639.",
"The approach demonstrated the potential of estimating the expected number of events required to give a specified power for multicentre efficacy trails of blood stage malaria antigens.",
"Forty-eight patients over the age of 70 with spontaneous pneumothorax (SP) are analyzed. The severity of the clinical picture is conditioned by the presence of earlier lung lesions, particularly related to emphysema, and by the degree of respiratory failure prior to SP. Treatment guidelines are listed. Pleural drainage/aspiration, applied in all cases, was of no avail in 69%. Tetracycline was injected into the pleural space of 23 patients, with failure recorded in 35%. Talc was applied by thoroscopy in 5 patients, to no avail. Video-assisted endoscopic surgery was carried out in 4 patients, with good results in 3. Surgery with access by lateral thoracotomy was carried out in 20 patients, with a single failure that was explained by the patient's condition.",
"Atrial fibrillation patients (n = 955) with > or =1 additional risk factor for stroke were randomized to receive AZD0837 (150, 300, or 450 mg once daily or 200 mg twice daily) or VKA (international normalized ratio 2-3, target 2.5) for 3-9 months. Approximately 30% of patients were naïve to VKA treatment. Total bleeding events were similar or lower in all AZD0837 groups (5.3-14.7%, mean exposure 138-145 days) vs. VKA (14.5%, mean exposure 161 days), with fewer clinically relevant bleeding events on AZD0837 150 and 300 mg once daily. Adverse events were similar between treatment groups; with AZD0837, the most common were gastrointestinal disorders (e.g. diarrhoea, flatulence, or nausea). d-Dimer, used as a biomarker of thrombogenesis, decreased in all groups in VKA-naïve subjects with treatment, whereas in VKA pre-treated patients, d-dimer levels started low and remained low in all groups. As expected, only a few strokes or systemic embolic events occurred. In the AZD0837 groups, mean S-creatinine increased by approximately 10% from baseline and returned to baseline following treatment cessation. The frequency of serum alanine aminotransferase > or =3x upper limit of normal was similar for AZD0837 and VKA.",
"Ablation can eliminate neighboring and remote areas of slow conduction, suggesting that channels within scar are frequently interconnected. This is the first mechanistic demonstration to show that ablation can modify electrical activity in regions of scar outside of the known radius of an radiofrequency lesion. The targeting of relatively earlier LPs can expedite scar homogenization without the need for extensive ablation of all LPs.",
"Plasmodium vivax malaria, though benign, has now become a matter of concern due to recent reports of life-threatening severity and development of parasite resistance to different antimalarial drugs. The magnitude of the problem is still undetermined. The present study was undertaken to determine the in vivo efficacy of chloroquine (CQ) and chloroquine plus primaquine in P. vivax malaria in Kolkata and polymorphisms in the pvmdr1 and pvcrt-o genes. A total of 250 patients with P. vivax monoinfection were recruited and randomized into two groups, A and B; treated with chloroquine and chloroquine plus primaquine, respectively; and followed up for 42 days according to the WHO protocol of 2009. Data were analyzed using per-protocol analyses. We assessed polymorphisms of the pvmdr1 and pvcrt-o genes by a DNA-sequencing method. Out of the 250 patients recruited, 204 completed a 42-day follow-up period, 101 in group A and 103 in group B. In group A, the non-PCR-corrected efficacy of CQ was 99% (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.944 to 1.00), and in group B, all cases were classified as adequate clinical and parasitological response (ACPR). Day 3 positivity was observed in 11 (5.3%) cases. No specific mutation pattern was recorded in the pvcrt-o gene. Eight nonsynonymous mutations were found in the pvmdr1 gene, three of which were new. The Y976F mutation was not detected in any isolate. Chloroquine, either alone or in combination with primaquine, is still effective against P. vivax malaria in the study area. (The study protocol was registered in CTRI [Clinical Trial Registry-India] of the Indian council of Medical Research under registration no. CTRI/2011/09/002031.).",
"Parallelism has the potential to reflect structural changes of the photoreceptor layers in DME.",
"This randomized multicenter study demonstrates the superiority of catheter ablation over antiarrhythmic drugs in patients with AF with regard to maintenance of sinus rhythm and improvement in symptoms, exercise capacity, and quality of life.",
"Both timolol formulations show similar and significant circadian efficacy and have minimal effects on BP and calculated diastolic ocular perfusion pressure.",
"Malaria is still responsible for 10% of the total disease burden in Africa. This study was an empirical investigation addressing the extent to which, and the ways in which, sociocultural, family-based, demographic and economic circumstances in a poor rural African environment influence levels of active malaria infection risk awareness. Face-to-face interviews were conducted and the questions included both open-ended questions allowing for unprompted replies and closed fixed-answer alternative (prompted) items. The adult female responsible for the day-to-day care of the children in 156 homesteads (60 in each of two malaria villages and 36 in a reference village) was interviewed. The families received financial assistance but little physical support from the fathers. Unemployment, poverty, crime and clean water were perceived as the main, unprompted threats, and everyday awareness appeared to exclude the potentially serious disease threats of malaria. Only when malaria was prompted did the concerns rise to 52% and 38% in the sprayed villages. The apparent discrepancy between actual daily and potential future threats significantly increases the difficulty of mobilising communities for preventive action regarding potential threats. The lack of community involvement in an existing community-passive malaria control system may become a problem when promoting new/additional measures to reduce exposure to indoor residual spraying chemicals.",
"The IOP reduction with prostaglandin analogs monotherapy may also depend of the axial length of the ocular globe.",
"null",
"The use of low-dose carvedilol combined with candesartan can reduce the acute and chronic cardiotoxicity of anthracycline drugs, and with tolerable toxicities. This may provide a new approach to prevent cardiotoxicity of anthracycline drugs in adjuvant chemotherapy of breast cancer.",
"In Jalpaiguri District the overall failure rate of CQ was 61% and of SP 14%, which was well above the WHO recommended cut-off threshold level (10%) for change of drug policy.",
"Studies on baboons and preliminary observations in three patients with sickle cell anemia (SS) suggested that high doses of pulse administered recombinant human erythropoietin (rHuEPO) stimulate F-reticulocyte production. We now report on the administration of rHuEPO in a double-blind format to ascertain frequency of response and potential precipitation of side effects. Ten patients were enrolled, but one was discontinued due to the indication of a blood transfusion. Of the other nine, five received rHuEPO in escalating doses (from 400 to 1,500 U per kg twice daily [BID] per week), alternating with a placebo, in blinded fashion. The second group, consisting of four patients, followed an identical protocol (except starting dose was 1,000 U/Kg, BID per week) and were iron supplemented during treatment. The criterion of response was a transient doubling (as a minimum) of the steady-state F-reticulocyte level. We found that none of the five patients in the first group responded to rHuEPO, and two of them became iron deficient, as judged by a significant decrease in ferritin. Of the second group, four patients responded with F-reticulocyte increases. In three patients, open label administration of rHuEPO confirmed the effect. We observed seven painful episodes during this study, two during the EPO administration and five during the placebo arm. Three patients were phlebotomized because the hemoglobin level increased 1.5 g/dL more than steady-state levels. Of the six patients followed-up by percent dense cell determinations, one exhibited increased levels during periods of the treatment, whereas the other five showed no change. No anti-rHuEPO antibodies were detected. We conclude that rHuEPO can stimulate F-reticulocyte response in some patients with sickle cell anemia, without apparent negative clinical side effects. The state of iron stores may be critical. Whether higher doses of rHuEPO and/or a different regimen might induce sustained F cells and fetal hemoglobin increases remains to be determined.",
"We conclude that MwP experienced more severe pattern-induced visual discomfort as compared with the controls and MwoP.",
"No statistically significant difference was found between GLU and ASP with regard to PPG after the consumption of a H-GI breakfast. Neither GLU nor ASP stabilized the glycemic profile after the consumption of a H-GI meal.",
"Controlled-Trials.com ISRCTN83830814.",
"MDCT may detect a PFO before pulmonary isolation. However, presence of AF may lead to artifacts on MDCT impeding a meaningful analysis. Furthermore, in this study sensitivity and positive predictive value of MDCT were low and therefore MDCT was not a reliable screening tool for detection of PFO.",
"In unselected survivors of stroke or TIA, 72-hour ECG monitoring is feasible and improves the detection rate of silent paroxysmal AF.",
"Boehringer Ingelheim.",
"During HIV/tuberculosis, systemic immune activation is dissociated from microbial translocation. Changes in circulating sCD14 and LPS are dependent on CD4 T-cell count.",
"null",
"Patients with ST elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) of the left anterior descending artery (LAD) are at increased risk for cardiovascular events compared with patients undergoing non-LAD PCI. We assessed the impact of bivalirudin and paclitaxel-eluting stenting (PES) in patients with STEMI who underwent LAD PCI. In the HORIZONS-AMI trial, 1,445 patients had LAD PCI and 1,884 patients had non-LAD PCI. The 3-year composite rates of death, reinfarction, stroke, or ischemia-driven target vessel revascularization were significantly higher in patients who underwent LAD PCI compared with non-LAD PCI (24.0% vs 20.6%, hazard ratio [HR] 1.20, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.04 to 1.39, p = 0.013), driven by a statistically significant increase in cardiac death (5.4% vs 2.7%, HR 2.00, 95% CI 1.40 to 2.86, p = 0.001). For patients who underwent LAD PCI, treatment with bivalirudin resulted in significantly lower rates of cardiac death (3.8% vs 6.8%, HR 0.55, 95% CI 0.34 to 0.89, p = 0.01), reinfarction (5.3% vs 9.5%, HR 0.55, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.83, p = 0.004), and major bleeding events (7.3% vs 11.8%, HR 0.60, 95% CI 0.43 to 0.86, p = 0.004) compared with unfractionated heparin plus glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitor. Randomization to PES compared with bare-metal stenting resulted in a significant lower rate of target vessel revascularization (13.2% vs 19.8%, HR 0.64, 95% CI 0.47 to 0.86, p = 0.003) with no significant differences in stent thrombosis, reinfarction, or death. In conclusion, in patients with STEMI who underwent primary PCI of LAD, the use of bivalirudin was associated with a reduction in mortality and bleeding rates at 3 years. PES reduced revascularization rates in this population but did not have a significant impact on mortality.",
"An MRM assay were developed for putative cardiovascular disease markers as target proteins, and applied to biobanking sample material. The comparative analysis of patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction and chest pain due to other causes showed elevated levels of APOC1, APOC2 and APOE in patients with STEMI. These observations raise interesting novel hypotheses about the role of apolipoproteins C1, C2 and E in the pathophysiology of acute myocardial infarction, which merits further studies.",
"This study describes the pain characteristics of the chronic migraine, including duration, intensity, quality, aggravation by activity, associated features in a headache clinic. One hundred twenty-one chronic migraine patients were evaluated. A total of 79% patients were female, and the mean age was 43.6 years, ranging from 19.0 to 54.2 years. The pain characteristics were predominantly unilateral; either side attacks (43.8%), strictly left-side (19%), or right side (19%). Headache character was reported as throbbing (67%), aching (14%), stabbing (10%), and pressure (9%). Of the associated autonomic features, lacrimation was the most common. Photophobia (83.5%) and phonophobia (72.7%) often were noted. When compared, only previous headache diagnosis, headache character and onset of headache were found to be statistically different between female and male patients (P < 0.05).",
"Plasma free metanephrines provide the best test for excluding or confirming pheochromocytoma and should be the test of first choice for diagnosis of the tumor.",
"Supplementation at 50 and 200 μg of chromium as chromium nicotinate did not promote glycemic control, increase insulin sensitivity, or change the lipid profile of subjects with diabetes.",
"Previously known DM, but not newly diagnosed DM, was an independent predictor for short-term MACE in patients with STEMI. To reduce the incidence of short-term MACE and the detrimental effects of stress hyperglycemia after STEMI, intensive insulin therapy should be provided to diabetic patients with STEMI.",
"The initiation of attack treatment with frovatriptan at low severity of migraine symptoms is more effective than starting therapy at higher symptom levels. Together with the low recurrence headache rate, the decreased necessity for escape medication and the low number of tablets needed, these data demonstrate that operationalised intervention with frovatriptan 2.5 mg is a valuable method for improving the treatment of migraine attacks.",
"Among registry patients with mitral valve regurgitation due to flail mitral leaflets, performance of early mitral surgery compared with initial medical management was associated with greater long-term survival and a lower risk of heart failure, with no difference in new-onset atrial fibrillation.",
"The apparent difference in the efficacy of an early invasive strategy between GPIIb/IIIa inhibitor strata likely reflects an association between GPIIb/IIIa inhibitor use and baseline risk. GPIIb/IIIa inhibitor use during PCI at the discretion of the treating physician does not appear to modulate the efficacy of an early invasive strategy post-fibrinolysis.",
"The CARdiac score may prove to be a simple tool for risk stratification of patients with chest pain in an EDOU. Patients at moderate risk by CARdiac score may be appropriate for more intensive evaluation in the EDOU or consideration for inpatient admission rather than EDOU placement.",
"The overall efficacy and tolerability of DPT are similar to those of AL. The ease of taking DPT and its short treatment course (two days) may help to improve adherence to treatment. Taken together, these findings make this medicinal product a treatment of choice for the effective management of malaria in Africa.",
"Patients with prior CVA/TIAs, who undergo successful AF ablation, have a low incidence of subsequent thromboembolic events. Most patients who appear AF free postablation may be able to discontinue OAC after successful ablation with a low thromboembolic risk and with a reduced bleeding risk.",
"RCAF results in a moderate success rate on very long-term FU. Lower success was observed in patients with non-PAF and enlarged LA. ALARMEc score allows for clear description of expected outcome after RCAF.",
"Interceptor nets were highly effective in reducing vector densities as well as malaria incidence in the study villages. Availability of 78% nets with the households in usable condition clearly indicated durability of Interceptor LNs up to three years in the rural setting of India. The nets were found to contain an effective concentration of alpha-cypermethrin against malaria vector after three years of household use.",
"Sixty-five patients were randomized (n = 21, 22, and 22 in group A, group B, and the placebo group, respectively). AZD1305 dose-dependently increased QTcF. There was a positive, linear correlation between the change in QTcF during the first 6 hours after the test dose and during the maintenance phase. Three patients, all from group B, discontinued treatment on day 1 due to QTcF >550 ms. All other patients completed the study without events related to QT prolongation. There was a trend for reduced AF recurrence with AZD1305 compared with placebo.",
"Diagnostic study, level III.",
"The Objective of this analysis was to identify predictors of death, failure, and default among MDR-TB patients treated with second-line drugs in DOTS-plus projects in Estonia, Latvia, Philippines, Russia, and Peru, 2000-2004. Risk ratios (RR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated using multivariable regression. Of 1768 patients, treatment outcomes were: cure/completed - 1156 (65%), died - 200 (11%), default - 241 (14%), failure - 118 (7%). Independent predictors of death included: age>45 years (RR = 1.90 (95%CI 1.29-2.80), HIV infection (RR = 4.22 (2.65-6.72)), extrapulmonary disease (RR = 1.54 (1.04-2.26)), BMI<18.5 (RR = 2.71 (1.91-3.85)), previous use of fluoroquinolones (RR = 1.91 (1.31-2.78)), resistance to any thioamide (RR = 1.59 (1.14-2.22)), baseline positive smear (RR = 2.22 (1.60-3.10)), no culture conversion by 3rd month of treatment (RR = 1.69 (1.19-2.41)); failure: cavitary disease (RR = 1.73 (1.07-2.80)), resistance to any fluoroquinolone (RR = 2.73 (1.71-4.37)) and any thioamide (RR = 1.62 (1.12-2.34)), and no culture conversion by 3rd month (RR = 5.84 (3.02-11.27)); default: unemployment (RR = 1.50 (1.12-2.01)), homelessness (RR = 1.52 (1.00-2.31)), imprisonment (RR = 1.86 (1.42-2.45)), alcohol abuse (RR = 1.60 (1.18-2.16)), and baseline positive smear (RR = 1.35 (1.07-1.71)). Patients with biomedical risk factors for treatment failure or death should receive heightened medical attention. To prevent treatment default, management of patients who are unemployed, homeless, alcoholic, or have a prison history requires extra measures to insure treatment completion.",
"The patients with CHF using meldonium as part of combination therapy in the early post-infarction period were observed to have clinical improvement, a significant reduction in the rate of angina attacks and in the need for nitrates, a decrease in the number of arrhythmic and ischemic episodes, and favorable changes in cardiac structural and functional parameters and HRV values.",
"The diagnosis of asymptomatic abdominal tuberculosis,without characteristic laboratory and radiologic findings, is difficult. We therefore investigated the role of diagnostic laparoscopy in patients with suspected peritoneal tuberculosis(PTB). Patients admitted to Hamad General Hospital, Qatar,who underwent laparoscopic peritoneal biopsy for suspected PTB from January 2004 to December 2010 were retrospectively analysed. Factors assessed included patient age, sex, symptoms,clinical signs, CT scan findings, laparoscopic findings andhistopathological diagnosis. A total of 41 patients, 33 males(80.5%) and 8 females (19.5%), of mean age 31 years, underwent laparoscopic peritoneal biopsy for suspected PTB duringthe study period. Abdominal pain was the most common presenting symptom, observed in 33 (80.5%) patients.Computerized tomography (CT) of the abdomen showed as citesin 37 patients (90%), bowel nodules in 22 (54%), peritoneal thickening and nodules in 37 (90%) and enlarged mesenteric lymph nodes in 11 (27%). The classical gross laparoscopic appearance of peritoneal tuberculosis was observed in 38 patients (93%), whereas laparoscopic findings were normal in 3 patients (7%). Histopathological results confirmed granulomatous inflammation in 38 patients (93%). The sensitivity and specificity of gross laparoscopic appearance in diagnosing peritoneal TB were both 100%. Two patients experienced complications from laparoscopy (5%), but there were nolaparoscopy-related deaths. Laparoscopic peritoneal biopsy isa rapid and safe method of accurately diagnosing PTB.",
"In an atrial fibrillation population, apixaban was superior to aspirin for stroke prevention, with similar rates of major bleeding, in the presence of one or more stroke risk factors, with consistency of the treatment effect by CHADS(2)/CHA(2)DS(2)-VASc scores.",
"The sensitivity of urine LAM testing is inadequate to replace mycobacterial culture. In contrast to prior research on the urine LAM, this study was conducted among less sick, ambulatory HIV-infected patients presenting for routine care.",
"null",
"At 28 days, there was no significant between-group difference in mortality, with deaths reported in 142 of 388 patients in the high-target group (36.6%) and 132 of 388 patients in the low-target group (34.0%) (hazard ratio in the high-target group, 1.07; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.84 to 1.38; P=0.57). There was also no significant difference in mortality at 90 days, with 170 deaths (43.8%) and 164 deaths (42.3%), respectively (hazard ratio, 1.04; 95% CI, 0.83 to 1.30; P=0.74). The occurrence of serious adverse events did not differ significantly between the two groups (74 events [19.1%] and 69 events [17.8%], respectively; P=0.64). However, the incidence of newly diagnosed atrial fibrillation was higher in the high-target group than in the low-target group. Among patients with chronic hypertension, those in the high-target group required less renal-replacement therapy than did those in the low-target group, but such therapy was not associated with a difference in mortality.",
"In women, cardiac deaths attributable to tobacco exposure have reached the same high levels as men. Normally, sympathetic nerve activity (SNA) fluctuates according to the menstrual phase, but in habitual smokers, SNA levels remain constant. Our purpose is to extend these observations to other groups of women exposed to tobacco smoke and to explore potential mechanisms. We hypothesize that women exposed to secondhand smoke, but not former smokers, have nonfluctuating SNA compared with never smokers, and that impaired baroreflex suppression of SNA, and/or heightened central SNA responses, underlie this nonfluctuating SNA. We also hypothesize that female smokers have impaired nocturnal blood pressure dipping, normally mediated by modulation of SNA. In 49 females (19 never, 12 current, 9 former, 9 passive smokers), SNA was recorded (microneurography) during high- and low-hormone ovarian phases at rest, during pharmacological baroreflex testing, and during the cold pressor test (CPT). Twenty-four hour blood pressure (BP) monitoring was performed. Current and passive smokers, but not former smokers, had a nonfluctuating pattern of SNA, unlike never smokers in whom SNA varied with the menstrual phase. Baroreflex control of SNA was significantly blunted in current smokers, independent of menstrual phase. In passive smokers, SNA response to CPT was markedly increased. Nondipping was unexpectedly high in all groups. SNA does not vary during the menstrual cycle in active and passive smokers, unlike never and former smokers. Baroreflex control of SNA is blunted in current smokers, whereas SNA response to CPT is heightened in passive smokers. Smoking cessation is associated with return of the altered SNA pattern to normal.",
"Patients taking a combination of topical antiglaucoma medications showed significantly increased risk of developing lacrimal drainage system obstruction. Both total and upper obstruction was significantly more frequent in patients on topical antiglaucoma medications.",
"It is recommended to do routine biopsy, culture and drug sensitivity testing in all patients of tuberculosis spine to guide selection of appropriate second-line drugs when required. In cases of non availability of drug susceptibility testing despite repeated attempts, it is suggested to use data from large series such as this to plan best empirical chemotherapy protocol.",
"There is a high prevalence of mutations in the major LQTS genes in women with TS and prolonged QTc. It remains to be settled, whether these findings are related to the unexplained excess mortality in Turner women.",
"Carbidopa enhances the sensitivity of (18)F-DOPA PET for adrenal pheochromocytomas and extraadrenal abdominal paragangliomas by increasing the tumor-to-background ratio of tracer uptake. The sensitivity of (18)F-DOPA PET for metastases of paraganglioma appears to be limited.",
"LA scar quantified automatically by a simple objective method correlates with colocated endocardial voltage. Greater preablation scar is associated with LA dilatation and AF recurrence.",
"Improvements in pulmonary insufficiency and stenosis, RV size, and TR gradient and severity are seen after SAPIEN TPV placement. Selected indices of RV diastolic function improve immediately after TPV implantation, but return to baseline by 6 months. RV systolic function is unchanged.",
"When DES became available in North America, patients were more likely to be selected into the PCI-intended stratum. Compared with patients receiving BMS, those receiving DES tended to have less target vessel revascularization and angina.",
"The toxicity of oral zinc was investigated in patients hospitalized for chronic leg ulcers. Untoward effects were monitored by reference to clinical tolerance, hematological, hepatic and renal parameters, and serum concentrations of copper and iron. The investigation was conducted by comparing two groups of patients who initially did not differ significantly with regard to ulcer area, hemoglobin, leukocytes, copper, iron and zinc. Both groups had serum zinc concentrations in the lower normal range. One group was treated with 3 daily doses of 220 mg oral zinc sulfate and the other with placebo, and hence, untoward effects of zinc should have become manifest in the zinc-treated group. This was not the case. Therefore, oral zinc appears to be well tolerated clinically and does not cause hematological, renal or hepatic toxicity. In view of the increasing interest in and range of indications for zinc, particularly in conditions associated with cellular immunological hyporeactivity, this finding is a prerequisite for the institution of clinical zinc therapy.",
"Thailand's implementation of the Directly Observed Treatment, Short course (DOTS) strategy to increase tuberculosis (TB) control program efficacy has not achieved the World Health Organization (WHO) TB key targets. We defined two TB control models in the study. Patients in Model 1 were treated with a conventional DOTS strategy and in Model 2, patients were treated the same as Model method 1 but were given a phone call reminder to take their medication. Multi-drug resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) and non-MDR-TB patients were randomized into either Model 1 or 2. Treatment outcomes were given as cure rates, completion rates, failure rates or success rates at 18 months in the MDR-TB group and 6 months in the non-MDR-TB group. The sputum conversion rate at 1 month were evaluated for both groups. In the MDR-TB group, the sputum conversion rate was 20% (95% CI 8-45) in Model 1 and 90% (95% CI 73-98) in Model 2 (p < 0.001). In the non-MDR-TB group, the sputum conversion rate was 52% (95% CI 36-70) in Model 1 and 37% (95% CI 22-56) in Model 2 although the difference was not significant (p = 0.221). The Model 2 success rates were significantly higher (73.7%, 96.7%) in both the MDR-TB and non-MDR-TB groups (p < 0.001, p = 0.047). The MDR-TB rate in northern Thailand decreased from 4.1% during April-September 2008 to 1.8% during April-September 2009. Further study of the association between implementation of Model 2 and MDR-TB incidence reduction needs to be carried out.",
"In Sweden, using panel testing, differences were seen in the proficiency of TB laboratories in correctly identifying PZA susceptibility. Improved results were noted in the third round; PZA has therefore been included in yearly proficiency testing.",
"In a multiethnic cohort of participants without clinically detected cardiovascular disease, both CMR and ECG-derived LVH were associated with incident AF. ECG-LVH showed prognostic signiﬁcance independent of CMR-LVH. The association was attenuated when adjusted for CMR left atrial volumes.",
"Molecular typing revealed effects of the intervention not detected by ordinary microscopy. Effective seasonal IPT temporarily reduced the prevalence and genetic diversity of P. falciparum infections. The reduced risk of malaria in children with multiclonal infections only seen in untreated children suggests that persistence of antigenically diverse P. falciparum infections is important for the maintenance of protective malaria immunity in high transmission settings.",
"Mechanisms for the onset of diabetes and the development of diabetic complications remain under extensive investigations. One of these mechanisms is abnormal homeostasis of metals, as either deficiency or excess of metals, can contribute to certain diabetic outcomes. Therefore, this paper will report the blood levels of chromium (Cr), copper (Cu), iron (Fe), manganese (Mn), mercury (Hg), nickel (Ni), lead (Pb), selenium (Se), and zinc (Zn) in subjects with type 1 diabetes (n = 192, mean age 48.8 years, mean disease duration 20.6 years), type 2 diabetes (n = 68, mean age 68.4 years, mean disease duration 10.2 years), and in control subjects (n = 59, mean age 57.2 years), and discuss the results indicating their possible role in diabetes. The metal concentrations were measured by sector field inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry after microwave-induced acid digestion of blood samples. The accuracy was checked using a blood-based certified reference material, and recoveries of all elements were in the range of 92-101 % of certified values. Type 1 diabetes was found to be associated with Cr (p = 0.02), Mn (p < 0.001), Ni (p < 0.001), Pb (p = 0.02), and Zn (p < 0.001) deficiency, and type 2 diabetes with Cr (p = 0.014), Mn (p < 0.001), and Ni (p < 0.001) deficiency. These deficiencies were appreciated also subdividing the understudied patients for gender and age groups. Furthermore, in type 1 diabetes, there was a positive correlation between Pb and age (p < 0.001, ρ = 0.400) and Pb and BMI (p < 0.001, ρ = 0.309), while a negative correlation between Fe and age (p = 0.002, ρ = -0.218). In type 2 diabetes, there was a negative correlation between Fe and age (p = 0.017, ρ = -0.294) and Fe and BMI (p = 0.026, ρ = -0.301). Thus, these elements may play a role in both forms of diabetes and combined mineral supplementations could have beneficial effects.",
"In older adults, PIIINP levels were associated with risk of incident AF in a complex manner, with an association that appeared to be positive up to median levels but with little relationship beyond that. Further studies are required to confirm and possibly delineate the mechanism for this relationship.",
"An epinephrine infusion of 6 mug/min decreased the rapid insulin response to a 5 g glucose pulse by 96% (P < 0.001) compared with the preinfusion control. In contrast when an identical epinephrine infusion was superimposed on a prolonged glucose infusion, elevated steady-state insulin levels did not decrease, but increased from 26.9 +/-6 (mean +/-SD, muU/ml) to 56.8 +/-15 muU/ml (P < 0.05) in parallel with the epinephrine-induced hyperglycemia. Thus epinephrine inhibition of insulin secretion was observed during acute but not chronic glucose stimulation. To evaluate further the insulin responses during a prolonged glucose infusion, a 5 g glucose pulse was given before and 60 min later during a concomitant epinephrine infusion. Although the acute insulin response to the first glucose pulse was observed during the elevated steady-state glucose and insulin levels associated with the glucose infusion, epinephrine again inhibited the acute insulin response to the subsequent 5 g glucose pulse by 91% (P < 0.01). Thus epinephrine appears to inhibit selectively the rapid insulin response to glucose but not to influence insulin output stimulated by prolonged hyperglycemia. These observations provide further evidence for a model of insulin secretion which includes a small storage pool available for immediate release to a glucose challenge and a more slowly responding pool regulating insulin secretion in the basal and steady state.",
"This study illustrates the possibility to achieve high coverage with a three-day intervention but also the difficulty in defining suitable outcome measures to evaluate interventions in areas of very low malaria transmission intensity. The decline in transmission intensity prior to the intervention made it impossible to assess the impact of MDA in the chosen study setting.",
"Maximal-dose pioglitazone had no effects on BMD or bone turnover, while improving glycemic control as expected, in postmenopausal women with impaired fasting glucose or impaired glucose tolerance.",
"In the sera of post-AMI patients who experienced development of de-novo HF within 1 year of AMI onset, the levels of 3 p53-responsive microRNAs had been elevated by the early convalescent stage of AMI. Further investigations are warranted to confirm the usefulness of these circulating microRNAs for predicting the risk of development of ischemic HF after AMI.",
"Duty-cycled radiofrequency ablation is associated with significantly more MESs, even when more aggressive anticoagulation is applied. With both techniques most of these microemboli are gaseous in nature.",
"Linezolid is identified as an effective drug with which to treat patients failing multidrug-resistant (MDR)-tuberculosis (TB) treatment. However, cost and safety are the concerns. In India, the average price of a 600-mg pill of linezolid is less than one US dollar, much cheaper than most of the third-line drugs. A prospective study of 29 MDR-TB treatment failure patients (16 with laboratory-proven extensively drug-resistant (XDR)-TB and the remaining 13 with MDR-TB with resistance to any quinolone but sensitive to injectables) was carried out in Delhi, India. All patients received daily unsupervised therapy with linezolid, one injectable agent, one fluoroquinolone and two or more other drugs. Patients received a median of six anti-mycobacterial agents. Besides linezolid, capreomycin, moxifloxacin, levofloxacin and amoxycillin-clavulanic acid were used in 41.4%, 58.6%, 41.4%, and 79.3% of patients. Out of a total of 29 patients, 89.7% patients achieved sputum smear and culture conversion; 72.4% showed interim favourable outcome; 10.3% died, 6.8% failed and 10.3% patients defaulted. Linezolid had to be stopped in three (10.3%) patients due to adverse reactions. The outcome of treatment of 16 XDR-TB patients was comparable to the other 13 MDR-TB patients. Linezolid is an effective, cheap and relatively safe drug for patients failing MDR-TB treatment, including those with confirmed XDR-TB.",
"Poor adherence to tuberculosis (TB) treatment hinders the individual's recovery and threatens public health. Currently, directly observed therapy (DOT) is the standard of care; however, high sustaining costs limit its availability, creating a need for more practical adherence confirmation methods. Techniques such as video monitoring and devices to time-register the opening of pill bottles are unable to confirm actual medication ingestions. A novel approach developed by Proteus Digital Health, Inc. consists of an ingestible sensor and an on-body wearable sensor; together, they electronically confirm unique ingestions and record the date/time of the ingestion. A feasibility study using an early prototype was conducted in active TB patients to determine the system's accuracy and safety in confirming co-ingestion of TB medications with sensors. Thirty patients completed 10 DOT visits and 1,080 co-ingestion events; the system showed 95.0% (95% CI 93.5-96.2%) positive detection accuracy, defined as the number of detected sensors divided by the number of transmission capable sensors administered. The specificity was 99.7% [95% CI 99.2-99.9%] based on three false signals recorded by receivers. The system's identification accuracy, defined as the number of correctly identified ingestible sensors divided by the number of sensors detected, was 100%. Of 11 adverse events, four were deemed related or possibly related to the device; three mild skin rashes and one complaint of nausea. The system's positive detection accuracy was not affected by the subjects' Body Mass Index (p = 0.7309). Study results suggest the system is capable of correctly identifying ingestible sensors with high accuracy, poses a low risk to users, and may have high patient acceptance. The system has the potential to confirm medication specific treatment compliance on a dose-by-dose basis. When coupled with mobile technology, the system could allow wirelessly observed therapy (WOT) for monitoring TB treatment as a replacement for DOT.",
"These results support the view that IPTi with long-acting regimens provide protection against clinical malaria for up to 8 weeks even in the presence of high ITN coverage, and that the prophylactic rather than the treatment effect of IPTi appears central to its protective efficacy.",
"This multicenter prospective study found only 14 of 340 nonresponders to latanoprost. In the cross-over trial on nonresponders, IOP reduction reached statistical significance only after brimonidine, but their small number reduced its statistical power.",
"AL provides a rapid clinical response against both Pf and Pv malaria, but is associated with a high rate of Pv recurrent clinical episodes between days 28 and 42. In order to prevent relapsing infections from long-lasting hypnozoites, AL should ideally be complemented with a course of primaquine. In the absence of better treatment and diagnostic options, the use of AL in young children in routine practice is an acceptable, interim option in coendemic areas where Pv is resistant to chloroquine and specific treatment for Pv hypnozoites not feasible.",
"This trial suggested that verum acupuncture group was superior to sham acupuncture group on relieving pain and reducing the usage of acute medication.",
"null",
"In a low- to intermediate-risk group of patients with suspected acute myocardial ischemia, RMPI gives not only diagnostic information but adds prognostic value to the traditional ED risk stratification tools.",
"These results confirm our earlier finding that elevated IOP is a strong factor for glaucoma progression, with the HR increasing by 11% for every 1 mmHg of higher IOP. Intraocular pressure fluctuation was not an independent factor in our analyses, a finding that conflicts with some earlier reports. One explanation for the discrepancy is that our analyses did not include postprogression IOP values, which would be biased toward larger fluctuations because of more intensive treatment. In contrast, in this EMGT report, no changes in patient management occurred during the period analyzed.",
"This study aims to provide direct evidence for a community effect of hotspot-targeted interventions. The trial is powered to detect large effects on malaria transmission in the context of ongoing malaria interventions. Follow-up studies will be needed to determine the effect of individual components of the interventions and the cost-effectiveness of a hotspot-targeted approach, where savings made by reducing the number of compounds that need to receive interventions should outweigh the costs of hotspot-detection.",
"null",
"During a median follow-up period of 3.7 years, the primary end point occurred in 769 of 7924 patients (9.7%) in the darapladib group and 819 of 7904 patients (10.4%) in the placebo group (hazard ratio in the darapladib group, 0.94; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.85 to 1.03; P=0.20). There were also no significant between-group differences in the rates of the individual components of the primary end point or in all-cause mortality. Darapladib, as compared with placebo, reduced the rate of major coronary events (9.3% vs. 10.3%; hazard ratio, 0.90; 95% CI, 0.82 to 1.00; P=0.045) and total coronary events (14.6% vs. 16.1%; hazard ratio, 0.91; 95% CI, 0.84 to 0.98; P=0.02).",
"The TOTAL trial will determine the effect of routine manual aspiration thrombectomy during PPCI on clinically important outcomes.",
"Current guidelines concerning age and mitral valve prosthesis choice are not being followed for patients aged ≥65 years. With regards to in-hospital and mid-term mortality, this study demonstrates that there is no difference between prosthesis types.",
"Previous studies with the malaria vaccine RTS,S/AS02(A) in young children in a malaria endemic area of Mozambique have shown it to have a promising safety profile and to reduce the risk of Plasmodium falciparum infection and disease. In this study, we assessed the antibody responses to the P. falciparum and hepatitis B components of the RTS,S/AS02(A) vaccine over a 45 months surveillance period in a large phase IIb trial which included 2022 children aged 1-4 years at recruitment. The RTS,S/AS02(A) vaccine induced high anti-circumsporozoite antibody levels with at least 96% of children remaining seropositive during the entire follow-up period. IgG titers decayed over the first 6 months of follow-up to about 25% of the initial level, but still remained 30-fold higher until month 45 compared to controls. Children with higher levels of naturally acquired immunity at baseline, assessed by blood stage indirect fluorescent antibody test, had slightly higher anti-circumsporozoite levels, after adjusting for the effect of age. The RTS,S/AS02(A) vaccine also induced high levels of anti-hepatitis B surface antigen antibodies (seroprotection >97%). RTS,S/AS02(A) vaccine is immunogenic and induces long-lasting anti-circumsporozoite antibodies, persisting at least 42 months after immunization. These antibodies may play a role in protection against malaria.",
"Lung surfactant replacement has been tested clinically in recent years. In this study the outcome of 31 premature infants with moderate to severe neonatal respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) treated with surfactant was compared to that of 74 prematures with RDS treated conventionally by positive pressure ventilation and supportive care. The groups were well matched for gestational age, birthweight, sex, and Apgar scores at 1 and 5 min. Surfactant treatment resulted in a significant decrease in mortality--from 36.6% in the untreated group to 12.9% in the surfactant-treated group (P < 0.04). This improvement in survival was seen also in prematures with a birthweight < 1,000 g; in the untreated group mortality was 57.6% compared to 23.5% in the treated group (P < 0.05). The incidence of pneumothorax was lower in the treated group--42% vs. 13% (P < 0.01). Surfactant treatment resulted in a trend of more survivors without bronchopulmonary dysplasia or intraventricular hemorrhage, even though surfactant therapy did not change the incidence of either.",
"Heterologous prime-boost strategies hold promise for vaccination against tuberculosis. However, the T-cell characteristics required for protection are not known. We proposed that boost vaccines should induce long-lived functional and phenotypic changes to T cells primed by Bacille Calmette Guerin (BCG) and/or natural exposure to mycobacteria. We characterized changes among specific CD4(+) T cells after vaccination with the MVA85A vaccine in adults, adolescents, and children. CD4(+) T cells identified with Ag85A peptide-bearing HLA class II tetramers were characterized by flow cytometry. We also measured proliferative potential and cytokine expression of Ag85A-specific CD4(+) T cells. During the effector phase, MVA85A-induced specific CD4(+) T cells coexpressed IFN-γ and IL-2, skin homing integrins, and the activation marker CD38. This was followed by contraction and a transition to predominantly IL-2-expressing, CD45RA(-) CCR7(+) CD27(+) or CD45RA(+) CCR7(+) CD27(+) specific CD4(+) T cells. These surface phenotypes were similar to Ag85A-specific T cells prior to MVA85A. However, functional differences were observed postvaccination: specific proliferative capacity was markedly higher after 6-12 months than before vaccination. Our data suggest that MVA85A vaccination may modulate Ag85A-specific CD4(+) T-cell function, resulting in greater recall potential. Importantly, surface phenotypes commonly used as proxies for memory T-cell function did not associate with functional effects of vaccination.",
"Electronic capture of HMIS data was rapidly and successfully implemented in this resource-poor setting. Electronic capture alone did not resolve issues of data completeness, accuracy and reliability, which are essential for management, monitoring and evaluation; suggestions to monitor and improve data quality are made.",
"ILR findings showed results other than NMS in a small, although non-negligible, number of patients older than 40 years. TT was unable to discriminate between presumed NMS and non-NMS with the exception of an asystolic response which was highly specific.",
"Patients with sickle cell disease (SCD) experience painful crises that often require admission to the emergency department (ED) for pain management. Factors such as ED overcrowding and negative perception and stigmatization of SCD may impact patients' perceptions of the quality of pain management in the ED. Data from a multisite prospective cohort study was assessed to determine whether demographic (age and sex), clinical (time to administration of initial analgesia, number of analgesic doses, discharge disposition, and clinical site), or interpersonal factors (separately measured perceptions of being treated with trust and respect by ED triage nurses, nurses, and physicians) were associated with patient ratings of their pain management in the ED. Patients were adults with SCD seen at 3 EDs (2 urban and 1 rural). Demographic and clinical information was derived from medical record review; interpersonal and ED pain management ratings were derived from interviews conducted 1 week post ED visit. A total of 209 interviews by 98 patients were analyzed. Results indicated significant differences among the ED sites on the demographic, clinical, and interpersonal factors. Overall, patients reported being treated with trust and respect by ED clinicians. Adjusted logistic regression analyses indicated that ED clinical site 1 (odds ratio [OR], 10.42; 95% confidence interval [Cl], 1.44-7.36) and being treated with trust and respect by the ED physician (OR, 25.53; 95% CI, 2.07-314.96) predicted good ED pain management ratings. Interpersonal health care experiences may be an important indicator of patient satisfaction and quality of care received by patients with SCD in the ED.",
"The results of this study show that both classes of prostaglandin analogs reduce the mean CCT, the effect being equivalent for the both studied groups.",
"The pooled PREEMPT results demonstrate that onabotulinumtoxinA is an effective prophylactic treatment for chronic migraine. OnabotulinumtoxinA resulted in significant improvements compared with placebo in multiple headache symptom measures, and significantly reduced headache-related disability and improved functioning, vitality, and overall health-related quality of life. Repeat treatments with onabotulinumtoxinA were safe and well tolerated.",
"Patients with implantable cardioverter defibrillators (ICDs) can require antiarrhythmic drugs to manage arrhythmias and prevent device shocks. We sought to determine the prevalence, clinical correlates, and institutional variation in the use of antiarrhythmic drugs over time after ICD implantation. From the ICD Registry (2006 to 2011), we analyzed the trends in the use of antiarrhythmic agents prescribed at hospital discharge for patients undergoing first-time ICD placement. The patient, provider, and facility level variables associated with antiarrhythmic use were determined using multivariate logistic regression models. A median odds ratio was calculated to assess the hospital-level variation in the use of antiarrhythmic drugs. Of the cohort (n = 500,995), 15% had received an antiarrhythmic drug at discharge. The use of class III agents increased modestly (13.9% to 14.9%, p <0.01). Amiodarone was the most commonly prescribed drug (82%) followed by sotalol (10%). Among the subgroups, the greatest increase in prescribing was for patients who had received a secondary prevention ICD (26% in 2006% and 30% in 2011, p <0.01) or with a history of ventricular tachycardia (23% to 27%, p <0.01). The median odds ratio for antiarrhythmic prescription was 1.45, indicating that 2 randomly selected hospitals would have had a 45% difference in the odds of treating identical patients with an antiarrhythmic drug. In conclusion, antiarrhythmic drug use, particularly class III antiarrhythmic drugs, is common among ICD recipients at hospital discharge and varies by hospital, suggesting an influence from local treatment patterns. The observed hospital variation suggests a role for augmentation of clinical guidelines regarding the use of antiarrhythmic drugs for patients undergoing implantation of an ICD.",
"There is clinical variability in the presentation of sickle cell disease among Indians. Vaso-occlusive crisis is common among non-tribal patients. Hydroxyurea, induces fetal hemoglobin (HbF) synthesis and reduces the clinical severity of sickle cell disease but individual patients have a variable response. This study was undertaken to investigate the efficacy and safety of hydroxyurea in Indians with severe manifestations where the beta(s) gene is linked to the Arab-Indian haplotype and is associated with higher HbF levels. Seventy-seven patients (29 adult sickle homozygous, 25 pediatric sickle homozygous, 23 adult sickle beta-thalassemia) selected for hydroxyurea therapy were evaluated for clinical, hematological, biochemical and genetic parameters and were followed for 24 months. Ninety-eight point seven percent of the sickle chromosomes were linked to the Arab-Indian haplotype, 27% of patients had associated alpha thalassemia and 65% were Xmn I +/+. Seventy-eight percent of the patients had no further crises after starting hydroxyurea. This effect was accompanied by a significant increase in HbF (p<0.001), but this increase was variable in individual cases. There was also an increase in gamma gene mRNA expression in the few cases so studied. Hemoglobin levels increased significantly (p<0.001) resulting in the cessation of blood transfusions. Leucopoenia was observed in one patient. Hydroxyurea was effective in reducing the clinical severity in Indian patients who initially had higher HbF levels and the presence of ameliorating factors, such as alpha-thalassemia and the Xmn I polymorphism. Hydroxyurea therapy with careful monitoring can thus change the quality of life of Indians with sickle cell disease.",
"Diabetic UTUC patients without metformin use have significantly worse oncologic outcomes than diabetics who used metformin and non-diabetics. The possible mechanism behind the impact of DM on UTUC biology and the potentially protective effect of metformin need further elucidation.",
"Chronic migraine is a common and debilitating headache syndrome. Botulinum neurotoxin (BoNT), a potent toxin produced by the anaerobic bacterium Clostridium botulinum, used largely for treatment of disorders associated with increased muscle tone and hyperidrosis, has been recently used for patients suffering from chronic migraine. In this study, two groups of patients were treated with different dosages of BoNT A to verify the efficacy for chronic migraine. The results confirmed the efficacy of BoNT A when used at the dosage of 150 U. In the second group of patients treated with 100 U, results were not significant. Although these results are preliminary, they led to intense efforts to evaluate the analgesic properties of BoNT A and to assess their clinical applicability.",
"The natural history of OP in blunt trauma patients at our institution appears to be one of uneventful resolution irrespective of ISS, need for PPV, or placement of tube thoracostomy. This study suggests an interesting hypothesis that observation of the blunt trauma patient with OP, without tube thoracostomy, may be safe and contribute to a shorter hospital stay. These are observations that would benefit from further study in a large, prospective randomised controlled trial.",
"AL was well tolerated and highly effective and when given under operational conditions despite poor adherence to the six-dose regimen. There were more cases of severe malaria and anaemia after CD treatment although G6PD deficiency was uncommon.",
"Of 52 adults enrolled (mean [SD] age, 30.8 [8.55] years; 50% women), 44 adults (85%) completed the study. Forty-nine adults received GEn 1200 mg, 47 received GEn 6000 mg, 48 received placebo, and 47 received moxifloxacin. The highest estimated (upper limit of the 95% CI) model-adjusted difference in mean change from baseline in the Fridericia corrected QT interval between GEn and placebo was 3.55 (5.66) msec for 1200 mg and 1.20 (3.32) msec for 6000 mg. Assay sensitivity was confirmed with moxifloxacin 400 mg. The geometric mean (%CV) Cmax (between-subject coefficient of variation) was 7.49 (21.2) μg/mL for GEn 1200 mg, 32.46 (23.9) μg/mL for GEn 6000 mg, and 2.08 (24.5) μg/mL for moxifloxacin 400 mg. The most frequently reported adverse events with GEn 6000 mg were dizziness (30%), feeling drunk (26%), nausea (15%), headache (13%), and vomiting (13%).",
"High levels of the novel inflammatory marker YKL-40 have been demonstrated in inflammatory environments and in remodeling of the extracellular matrix. Both are key components in atrial wall remodeling in atrial fibrillation (AF). We studied the relation between rhythm outcome after electrical cardioversion (ECV) for persistent AF and serum levels of YKL-40. A secondary point of interest was a potential effect of the angiotensin receptor blocker candesartan on YKL-40 levels. In the Candesartan in the Prevention of Relapsing Atrial Fibrillation (CAPRAF) study, 171 patients with persistent AF were randomized to receive candesartan 8mg once daily or placebo for 3-6 weeks before ECV and candesartan 16mg once daily or placebo for 6 months after ECV. Serum levels of YKL-40 were measured in fasting blood samples collected at baseline and at end of the study. Mean age was 64±11 years, and 39 (22.8%) were women. Sinus rhythm was maintained for 6 months after ECV in 41 (23.9%). Baseline levels of YKL-40 were significantly correlated to age (Spearmans rho; rs=0.442; p<0.001), CHA2DS2-VASc(1) score (rs=0.256; p<0.001) and left atrial diameter (rs=0.185; p=0.017). By use of Kaplan-Meier quartile analysis of baseline YKL-40 levels, no relation between YKL-40 levels and risk of AF recurrence was found. End of study YKL-40 levels were unchanged from baseline, both in patients with AF recurrence and those maintaining sinus rhythm for 6 months. Treatment with candesartan had no influence on serum YKL-40 levels.",
"Treatment with a rhythm or rate control strategy does not signifi cantly impact short-term or long-term mortality in patients with post-MI AF, regardless of kidney disease status. Future studies to investigate the optimal management of AF in CKD patients are needed.",
"In older patients with myocardial infarction, we found intensive-dose statin therapy to be effective in reducing repeat hospitalization for acute coronary syndrome. The rate of new-onset diabetes mellitus at long term was not significantly different between intensive-dose and moderate-dose statins.",
"The efficacy of Focus forte is proved in patients with primary open-angle glaucoma (POAG) and age-related macular degeneration (AMD) in terms of improvement of functional retinal activity, oxygenation, metabolism normalization as well as morphometric retinal and optic nerve indices. Principles of evidence based pharmacotherapy in this study allow advising Focus forte in the treatment of patients with POAG and AMD.",
"French Research Agency for HIV/AIDS and hepatitis (ANRS).",
"The Atrial Fibrillation: Focus on Effective Clinical Treatment Strategies (AFFECTS) Registry was designed to examine atrial fibrillation (AF) treatment by United States cardiologists in the context of the American College of Cardiology, American Heart Association, and European Society of Cardiology guidelines after recent landmark clinical trials. Most patients in AFFECTS had AF without clinically significant structural heart disease or only uncomplicated hypertension. Among the all-enrolled population (n = 1,461), initial treatment strategies assigned were rhythm control in 64% and rate control in 36%. Among patients with either paroxysmal (n = 1,165) or persistent (n = 273) AF, 67% and 55%, respectively, were assigned rhythm control. The trend to assign rhythm control as the initial treatment goal decreased with age. In the rhythm-control group, most patients (74%) also received a rate-control agent during the registry, while 25% of those assigned to rate control received antiarrhythmic drugs. Most first prescriptions of antiarrhythmic drugs were for first-line therapy compliant with 2001 (76%) and 2006 (86%) guidelines. Most second prescriptions were for first-line therapies as well. Rates of serious adverse events were low. In conclusion, data from this study provide insight into community treatment patterns in patients with AF, most without clinically significant structural heart disease or with only uncomplicated hypertension.",
"HIV-associated impairment of antibody responses in pregnant women may contribute to a higher transmission of P. falciparum to their infants.",
"A total of 116 patients (75% [87 patients] of whom had pulmonary TB), with a mean age of 36 years, a median CD4+ cell count of 84 cells/mm(3), and a median viral load of 310 000 copies/mL, were randomized. At 24 weeks, 50 of 59 patients in the EFV group and 37 of 57 patients in the NVP group had virological suppression (P = .024). There were no deaths, 1 SAE, and 5 treatment failures in the EFV arm, compared with 5 deaths, 2 SAEs, and 10 treatment failures in the NVP arm. The trial was halted by the data and safety monitoring board at the second interim analysis. Favorable TB treatment outcomes were observed in 93% of the patients in the EFV arm and 84% of the patients in the NVP arm (P = .058).",
"Laparoscopic resection of pheochromocytomas, including large lesions, can be accomplished safely by experienced surgeons. A short hospital stay with minimal operative morbidity and eradication of endocrinopathy support the minimally invasive approach for adrenalectomy in the setting of pheochromocytoma.",
"Short-term antiretroviral therapy during tuberculosis treatment in patients with CD4⁺T-cell counts of >350 cells/μL was safe and associated with clinical benefits.",
"Deep sedation with propofol and midazolam during AF ablation did not result in an increased rate in sedation-related complications in elderly patients. Similarly, the rate of procedural complications was not significantly different among the study groups. The rate of respiratory infections and renal failure was significantly higher in the elderly. All adverse events were treated successfully without any remaining sequelae.",
"In this noninferiority study, topiramate was at least as effective as amitriptyline in terms of reducing the rate of mean monthly migraine episodes and all prespecified secondary efficacy end points. Topiramate was associated with improvement in some quality-of-life indicators compared with amitriptyline and was associated with weight loss and improved weight satisfaction.",
"Novel malaria monitoring and evaluation (M&E) tools are urgently needed to complement the current "gold standard" Malaria Indicator Surveys (MIS). Rapid up scaling of malaria control efforts is resulting in substantial reductions in malaria burden across sub-Saharan Africa. As transmission goes down, timely, accurate, sub-national, and district level burden estimates are needed to guide increasingly targeted control efforts in remaining hotspot areas. To test a novel district level M&E tool, we have conducted a continuous ("rolling") MIS (rMIS) since May 2010 covering 50 villages in Chikhwawa district in southern Malawi, essentially adapting an existing cross-sectional evaluation tool into a continuous monitoring tool. Here, we report on our experience after completing the first full year of monthly data collection focusing on the methods, operational aspects, and estimated costs of rMIS in a programmatic setting. The potential applicability of this promising M&E approach for district-level program managers and control efforts is discussed.",
"Migraine is frequently comorbid with depression. There appear to be common aetiological factors for both disorders, but the aetiology of migraine within depressed patients, in particular the significance of aura, has been little studied. A large sample of concordantly depressed sibling pairs [the Depression-Network (DeNT) sample] was assessed as having migraine with aura (MA), migraine without aura (MoA), probable migraine or no migraine according to International Headache Society guidelines. Correlations between siblings' migraine status were used to assess the nature of familial liability to migraine. A multiple threshold isocorrelational model fit best, in which different syndromes are conceptualized as different severities of one underlying dimension rather than as having separate aetiologies. Thus, MA and MoA were found to be different forms of the same disorder, with MA occupying the more extreme end of the spectrum of liability. Implications for our understanding of the relationship between migraine and depression are discussed.",
"This was a 52-week, double-blind, extension study in which COPD patients previously treated with twice-daily (BID) aclidinium bromide 200 μg or 400 μg during a 12-week lead-in study (ACCORD COPD I) continued the same treatment, while patients previously receiving placebo were rerandomized (1:1) to aclidinium 200 μg or 400 μg BID. The primary objective of this study was to evaluate the long-term safety and tolerability of aclidinium treatment. Efficacy outcomes included bronchodilation, health status, and rescue medication use. A total of 467 patients completed the lead-in study and 291 patients consented to participate in the extension. At study end, the percentages of patients who reported a treatment-emergent adverse event (TEAE) were similar for both treatments (200 μg, 77.4%; 400 μg, 73.7%). Incidence of anticholinergic TEAEs was low and similar for both treatments, with dry mouth reported in only 1 patient (400 μg). Cardiac TEAEs were reported by a similarly low percentage of patients (<5% for any event in any group) with no apparent dose dependence. Improvements from baseline in lung function were greatest for patients who received continuous aclidinium treatment and those who were rerandomized from placebo to aclidinium 400 μg; these improvements were generally sustained throughout the study. Health status and overall rescue medication use was improved from baseline for both treatments. The safety profile of twice-daily aclidinium and sustained improvements in lung function and health status throughout the 52-week extension study support its use as a long-term maintenance treatment for patients with COPD. (Clinical trial registration number NCT00970268).",
"This crossover study suggests that better diurnal IOP control is obtained with bimatoprost than with latanoprost in patients with XFG.",
"Closed thoracostomy using a trocar is associated with an increased risk of REPE compared with hemostat- assisted drainage in patients with spontaneous pneumothorax.",
"CSCs cultured with reduced Notch signaling showed better cardiomyogenic differentiation and therapeutic potentials in a rat AMI model. Thus, reducing Notch signaling is important when culturing CSCs for clinical applications.",
"1 g/day omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids application in patients with stable CHD without myocardium contraction dysfunction suffering from ventricular arrhythmias (4B grade after B.Lown) with no direct indications for implantable cardioverter defibrillator therapy results in significant reduction of arrhythmia.",
"I.",
"Paradoxical response developed in 16% of the patients approximately 2 months after initiation of anti-tuberculosis treatment, presenting with aggravation of pre-existing pleural effusion. Development of paradoxical response was associated with the proportion of eosinophils and protein concentrations in the pleural fluid at the time of diagnosis.",
"J-ROCKET AF demonstrated the safety of a Japan-specific rivaroxaban dose and supports bridging the global ROCKET AF results into Japanese clinical practice.",
"We report the results of our experience using video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS) to treat primary spontaneous pneumothorax (PSP) from January 1992 until December 1994 in a multicentered co-operative study. A total of 132 patients (110 males and 22 females, aged 13-38 yrs, mean age 26 yrs) were treated by VATS to deal with the PSP that they presented with. A standard VATS technique was used. Apical bullae were always removed, and mechanical pleural abrasion was performed, leaving a pleural drainage tube. In two cases (1.5%), a switch to thoracotomy was necessary. In eight cases (6%), air leakage persisted for 5 days after surgery, which resolved with pleural drainage. There were eight postoperative relapses (6%), which were treated with pleural drainage (n = 4), VATS (n = 3) or axillar thoracotomy (n = 1). The average postoperative stay was 5.6 days (range 2-15 days). We conclude that video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery is a viable alternative for the treatment of primary spontaneous pneumothorax. There is, however, a high relapse rate, and in a number of cases air leakage persists in the postoperative period.",
"Controlled-Trials.com ISRCTN81306618.",
"Topical glucose temporarily improves psychophysical visual parameters in some individuals with POAG, suggesting that neuronal energy substrate delivery to the vitreous reservoir may recover function of "sick" retinal neurons.",
"Exercise may be an option for the prophylactic treatment of migraine in patients who do not benefit from or do not want to take daily medication.",
"We assessed a two-stage follow-up procedure for cardiac pacemakers, where in-clinic follow-ups were partly replaced by telemedical follow-ups. This was compared with the standard follow-up regime (in-clinic follow-up only). The new procedure required an electronic patient record, a telemedical follow-up unit for recording ECGs while the pacemaker was temporarily set to magnet mode, an ECG processing unit, and a reviewing and reporting unit. A total of 177 (86 female) patients were randomized to the control group and 182 (98 female) patients to the telemedicine group. In the telemedicine group, 234 telemedical follow-ups were performed. Out of these, 68 required an additional in-clinic follow-up, while 166 were sufficient for assessing the pacemakers' working status. During the study, there were 19 deaths in the telemedicine group and 20 in the control group. There was no significant difference between the two groups(P = 0.40). The probability that an individual patient's pacemaker would not to be replaced over time was analysed in a similar way to the Kaplan-Meier survival function. Fewer pacemakers were replaced in the telemedicine group (14) than in the control group (18), but the difference was not significant (P = 0.26). We conclude that alternating telemedical and in-clinic follow-ups brings no additional risks for patients. The follow-up procedure is feasible and interpretation of the pacemakers' magnet effect provides an easy-to-use, manufacturer-independent method of assessing the pacemakers' working status. This should reduce the patient load on pacemaker centres and decrease the overall costs of pacemaker therapy.",
"The initial pharmacokinetics of LS approximate to those of a subcutaneous injection, albeit some fraction of these doses is also swallowed. These pharmacokinetics correspond with earlier effectiveness of LS in comparison with a 50-mg sumatriptan tablet, and at lower dose, in an enriched, relevant patient population. These initial studies support further development of this innovative formulation of sumatriptan and this new route of administration.",
"In patients with sepsis-induced acute respiratory distress syndrome who were receiving mechanical ventilation with conventional pressures and volumes, there were no significant correlations between high ventilatory pressures or volumes and the development of pneumothorax or other air leaks. Pneumothorax or other air leaks were not associated with a significantly increased mortality rate.",
"Adropin is a new marker for use in demonstrating endothelial dysfunction.",
"A new dose regimen of artesunate and amodiaquine (NDRAA) based on age or body weight range was compared with standard dose regimen of artesunate and amodiaquine (SDRAA) calculated according to body weight and with fixed-dose artesunate-amodiaquine (FDAA) and artemether-lumefantrine (AL) in 304 children afflicted by malaria aged 15 years or younger. In initial comparison (n = 208), children on NDRAA received 1-3 times amodiaquine per kilogram of body weight and 1-1.5 times of artesunate per kilogram of body weight compared with those receiving SDRAA. Parasite but not fever clearance was significantly faster in children who received NDRAA (19.4 ± 8.4 hours vs. 24.6 ± 15.5 hours, P = 0.003). Polymerase chain reaction-uncorrected cure rates on days 28-42 were also significantly higher in children who received NDRAA (P < 0.02 in all cases). Therapeutic responses in children younger than 5 years (n = 96) treated with NDRAA, FDAA, and AL were similar. Changes in hematocrit values and reported adverse events after commencing therapy were similar in those who received NDRAA and SDRAA. All drug regimens were well tolerated. NDRAA based on age or body weight range is simple, is therapeutically superior to SDRAA calculated according to body weight, and is as efficacious as AL in children younger than 5 years.",
"Biofeedback with or without combined autogenic training is known to be effective for the treatment of migraine. This study aimed to examine the effect of biofeedback treatment on headache activity, anxiety, and depression in Korean female patients with migraine headache. Patients were randomized into the treatment group (n=17) and monitoring group (n=15). Mood states including anxiety and depression, and psychophysiological variables such as mean skin temperature of the patients were compared with those of the normal controls (n=21). We found greater treatment response rate (defined as > or =50% reduction in headache index) in patients with biofeedback-assisted autogenic training than in monitoring group. The scores on the anxiety and depression scales in the patients receiving biofeedback-assisted autogenic training decreased after the biofeedback treatment. Moreover, the decrease in their anxiety levels was significantly related to the treatment outcome. This result suggests that the biofeedback-assisted autogenic training is effective for the treatment of migraine and its therapeutic effect is closely related to the improvement of the anxiety level.",
"The aim was to study the effectiveness of prescription medication containing 90% omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids for 6 months on ventricular arrhythmias in patients with myocardial infarction less than a year ago. The study involved 56 patients with ventricular extrasystoles, from 500 to 1000 per day. Divided into two groups of patients we divided into I group - 30 people - received in addition to standard drug therapy of omega-3 PUFA 1 g daily, for 6 months; II group - 26 men were given only previously assigned therapies. The average age of patients in group I - 60,7+/-8,6, II group - 61+/-9,7 years (p> 0,05). ECG monitoring was performed at 3 and 6 months. Administration of highly concentration preparation of omega-3 PUFAs for 3 months reduced number of PVCs per day, frequencies of grades 2, 3, 4A, 4B, and high grade PVCs (grades 3 - 5) as a whole. These effects persisted after 6 months of treatment.",
"The 3RH regimen facilitates adherence to LTBI treatment and offers a safe, well-tolerated and effective alternative.",
"ISRCTN41209683. Ethical approval number: NL31342.075.10.",
"ENGAGE AF-TIMI 48 is a phase 3 comparison of the novel oral factor Xa inhibitor edoxaban to warfarin for the prevention of thromboembolism in patients with atrial fibrillation.",
"null",
"Left atrial booster pump function decreases in the eccentric hypertrophy pattern. Left atrial conduit function is unchanged in the normal pattern and the concentric remodelling pattern groups. RT-3DE and LAT technology can be used for quantitative evaluation of left atrial volume and function.",
"Between October 1993 and April 1995, a total of 77 neonates requiring mechanical ventilation were enrolled in this study and were randomly divided into two groups. Group A consisted of 31 premature infants (mean birthweight 1.36 +/- 0.29 kg) with respiratory distress syndrome (RDS) and seven neonates (mean birthweight 3.2 +/- 0.5 kg) with meconium aspiration syndrome (MAS). Group B consisted of 31 premature infants (mean birthweight 1.31 +/- 0.3 kg) with RDS and eight neonates (mean birthweight 3.3 +/- 0.5 kg) with MAS. Infants in group A received synchronized intermittent mandatory ventilation (SIMV) and infants in group B received conventional intermittent mandatory ventilation (CIMV) therapy. In premature infants with RDS, our data showed: (i) the duration of ventilation was significantly shorter (P < 0.05) in the synchronized group (156 +/- 122 h) compared to the conventional group (242 +/- 175 h); (ii) significantly fewer (P < 0.05) patients required reintubation in the synchronized group than in the conventional group (three vs 11 patients); (iii) incidence of severe intraventricular hemorrhage (grades 3 and 4) was significantly lower (P < 0.05) in the synchronized group compared to the conventional group (one vs seven patients); (iv) incidence of bronchopulmonary dysplasia was significantly lower (P < 0.05) in the synchronized group than in the control group (one vs seven patients). In neonates with MAS, our data showed no significant difference (P < 0.05) on duration of ventilation, incidence of reintubation, incidence of pneumothorax or mortality rate between synchronized and control groups.",
"UMIN Clinical Trials Registry, UMIN ID: C000000311.",
"Given that the primary effector mechanism for blood stage vaccine targets is humoral, the antibody responses demonstrated to this vaccine candidate, both quantitative (total antibody titres) and qualitative (functional antibodies inhibiting parasite growth) warrant further consideration of its application in endemic settings.",
"Routine scheduled angiographic follow-up (SAF) after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) has been associated with a higher rate of target vessel revascularization (TVR). Its benefits are not known. SAF at 13 months after ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) was planned in the first 1,800 successfully stented patients enrolled in the Harmonizing Outcomes with RevascularIZatiON and Stents in Acute Myocardial Infarction (HORIZONS-AMI) trial. We compared the outcomes of patients with and without SAF at 1 year (before SAF) and at 3 years (after SAF). There were 1,197 patients (66.5% of expected) with and 2,207 patients without SAF. Prior to SAF, the 1-year composite rate of death or myocardial infarction (MI) was not significantly different between the 2 groups (2.7% vs. 3.9%, respectively, P=0.06), although the rate of death was lower (0.1% vs. 2.2%, P<0.0001), nor were there differences in the 1-year rates of TVR, stent thrombosis or major adverse cardiac and cerebral events). At 3 years, death or MI rates were again similar between the groups (8.3% vs. 9.5%, P=0.22), but TVR was more common in the SAF group (17.0% vs. 8.6%, P<0.0001), due to an increase in TVR at time of SAF. In the SAF group, patients in whom TVR was performed before or after the 13-month SAF window had markedly higher 3-year rates of MI and stent thrombosis than patients in whom TVR was performed during SAF or not at all. In conclusion, SAF after primary PCI in STEMI is associated with doubling of the rate of revascularization without an improvement in death or MI, and therefore cannot be recommended.",
"Inflammation is thought to play a significant role in the underlying pathophysiology of migraine headaches which could be controlled by corticosteroids. The present study was conducted to determine and compare the pain relieving effect of dexamethasone versus morphine on patients with acute migraine headache. During this double blinded clinical trial study, 190 patients who met the International Headache Society definition of acute migraine headache were evaluated at emergency department of Tabriz Imam Reza Hospital. After giving informed consent, patients were randomly enrolled into two groups: Receiving either 8 mg dexamethasone (group A) or 0.1 mg kg(-1) morphine (group B) intravenously. Severity of the headache was determined using Visual Analog Scale (VAS) scoring method at baseline (VAS-A), 10 min (VAS-B), 60 min (VAS-C) and 24 h (VAS-D) after intervention. The mean age of patients was 44.17 +/- 16.20 years, 61.57% male and 38.43% female. The mean of VAS-A and VAS-B scores was not statistically different between two groups (p = 0.236 and p = 0.481), but the mean of VAS-C and VAS-D scores in the group A were significantly lower than the group B (p = 0.017, p = 0.010). In long-term (1 h and 24 h after administration), dexamethasone reduces the severity of acute migrant headache more than morphine.",
"In South and central Asian regions of low to moderate malaria transmission where clinics lack capacity for diagnosis with rapid diagnostic tests or microscopy, the introduction of the tests should be considered to improve clinical care, reduce the overuse of antimalarials, and improve disease surveillance.",
"PF tafluprost achieved similar 24 h IOP reduction to branded latanoprost. The current study highlights the importance of complete assessment of efficacy over 24 h.",
"These findings indicate a peculiar modification of the autonomic balance during sleep in sleep-related migraine. The reduction of LF/HF ratio in NREM sleep was observed in controls, but it was quantitatively much more evident in migraineurs. Changes in LF/HF could be consequent to an autonomic unbalance which could manifest selectively (or alternatively become more evident) during sleep. These findings, together with the reduction in CAP rate, could be an expression of reduced arousability during sleep in patients with sleep-related migraine. The simultaneous involvement of the autonomic, arousal, and pain systems might suggest involvement of the hypothalamic pathways.",
"Atrial SRM is identified on LGE-MRI, and extensive LGE (≥30% LA wall enhancement) predicts poor response to catheter ablation therapy for AF.",
"Concurrent treatment with onabotulinumtoxinA is effective and well tolerated in controlling the symptoms of cervical dystonia complicated by concurrent migraine.",
"Lifestyle habits, including rest and sleep, diet and drug usage, are important factors in migraine attacks. It is important to emphasize changing habits, such as improper use of analgesics, to decrease side effects in migraine victims. The health centers should consider promoting healthy habits and behaviors as a priority in their services.",
"Postoperative atrial fibrillation (POAF) is common after cardiac surgery and is associated with increased morbidity, mortality, and prolonged hospital stay. Speckle tracking echocardiography (STE) has been applied recently for evaluation of LA function. The purpose of this study was to examine whether left atrial longitudinal strain measured by STE is a predictor for the development of POAF following mitral valve surgery for severe mitral regurgitation. We studied 53 patients undergoing mitral valve surgery in sinus rhythm at the time of surgery. Echocardiography with evaluation of LA strain by STE was performed. Detection of POAF was based on documentation of AF episodes by continuous telemetry throughout hospitalization. Patients who did not develop POAF were taken as group 1 and those who had POAF constituted group 2. The echocardiographic and clinical predictors of POAF were investigated. POAF occurred in 28.3% of subjects. Mean age, LAVi and BNP were found higher in group 2 while peak atrial longitudinal strain (PALS) (13.9 ± 3.8% vs. 24.8 ± 7.3%; P < 0.001), peak atrial contraction strain (PACS) (7.6 ± 1.95% vs. 11.3 ± 3.5%; P < 0.001) were significantly lower. By multivariate logistic regression analysis, PALS and LAVi were independent predictor of POAF development. LA longitudinal strain was found to predict POAF in patients undergoing mitral valve surgery. It could be used to better identify patients at greater risk of developing POAF, and thus to guide in risk stratification and to take appropriate intensive prophylactic therapy.",
"In this post-hoc analysis of ATHENA patients with AF and stable CHF, dronedarone did not increase mortality and showed a reduction of CV hospitalization or death similar to the overall population. However, in the light of the ANtiarrhythmic trial with DROnedarone in Moderate to severe CHF Evaluating morbidity DecreAse study, dronedarone should be contraindicated in patients with NYHA class IV or unstable NYHA classes II and III CHF.",
"1. Mean plasma noradrenaline concentration was elevated in forty-four patients with established essential hypertension. Eighteen of the hypertensive patients had resting plasma noradrenaline concentrations in the normal range. 2. Patients with endogenous depression had higher mean plasma noradrenaline concentrations but significantly lower blood pressure than patients with essential hypertension. 3. Patients with phaeochromocytoma had plasma noradrenaline concentrations twenty-eight times greater than those found in essential hypertension, but blood pressures were less than 20% higher. 4. It is concluded that excess of sympathetic drive only partly explains the level of the blood pressure in essential hypertension.",
"Remote LA CFE area was progressively reduced following PVI and linear lesions, and LA ablation reduced right atrial CFE area. Reduction of CFE area at sites remote from ablation would suggest either regression of the advanced atrial substrate or that these CFE were functional phenomena. Nevertheless, in an advanced atrial fibrillation substrate, linear lesions after PVI diminished the target area for CFE ablation, and complete lesions resulted in a favorable clinical outcome.",
"The impact of cotrimoxazole (CTX) on growth and/or anemia was investigated in 541 human immunodeficiency virus-infected, antiretroviral therapy-naive Zambian children enrolled in the Children with HIV Antibiotic Prophylaxis trial. Compared with children randomized to receive placebo, children randomized to receive CTX had slower decreases in weight-for-age (P=.04) and height-for-age (P=.01), and greater increase in hemoglobin level (P=.01). These findings argue for expanded early CTX use.",
"In ACS patients treated with PCI in Greece, dual antiplatelet treatment is maintained in a very high percentage through 1 year post-procedure, and drug-eluting stent use is also high.",
"Latanoprost induces an IOP reduction greater than timolol, also achieving a better circadian flattening of the IOP curve. Only latanoprost significantly increased mean 24-hour OPP. The management of Caucasian NTG patients should be critically realized, considering the 24-hour influence of each IOP-lowering drug on the ocular blood perfusion.",
"Compared with the placebo group, LEV offers improvement in headache frequency and severity as well as it lowers the requirement for other symptomatic drugs in adult migraine patients.",
"The variant rs2968863 (7q36.1), reported in GWAS to shorten the QTc interval, was found to be associated with early-onset lone AF. This may have implications for the pathophysiological understanding of AF.",
"At present, warfarin is used extensively in patients with AF whose stroke risk is relatively low (ie, in Japan) and half of them had CHADS2 scores of 0 to 1 (UMIN Clinical Trials Registry UMIN000001569).",
"The overall beneficial effect of CRT-D versus ICD on the risk of HF/death was not significantly different between LBBB patients with or without history of IAT (HR: 0.50, p = 0.028, and HR: 0.46, p < 0.001, respectively; p for interaction = 0.79). Among patients who had in-trial IAT, CRT-D was associated with a significant 57% reduction in the risk of HF/death compared with ICD-only therapy (HR: 0.43, p = 0.047), similar to the effect of the device among patients who did not have IAT (HR: 0.47, p < 0.001; p for interaction = 0.85). The percentage of patients with biventricular pacing ≥92% was similar in both groups (p = 0.43). Consistent results were shown for the benefit of CRT-D among patients who had in-trial atrial fibrillation/flutter (HR: 0.30, p = 0.027; p for interaction = 0.41).",
"Savings on inpatient care resulted in a significantly lower overall estimated medical care cost for young children with sickle cell anemia who were receiving hydroxyurea compared with those receiving placebo. Because cost savings are likely to increase with age, these data provide additional support for broad use of hydroxyurea treatment in this population.",
"For tumour localization, (18)F-FDA PET and (123/131)I-MIBG scintigraphy perform equally well in patients with non-metastatic PHEO, but metastases are better detected by (18)F-FDA PET than by (123/131)I-MIBG.",
"In everyday management of patients with AF, there were no differences in treatment and major outcomes, in particular stroke, between women and men. This finding is opposed to earlier studies reporting OAC undertreatment of women and higher stroke rates.",
"The results of surgical treatment of patients, suffering destructive pulmonary tuberculosis, using the right pulmonum upper lobe or the left pulmonum C(I)-C(III) resection with (the main group--35 patients) or without (control group--38 patients) formation of a new pulmonary cupola, were analyzed. There was proved, that the procedure of a pulmonary cupola formation after doing the right pulmonum upper lobectomy or the left pulmonum C(I)-C(III) resection, using suturing of the C(VI) top to the middle lobe (on the right side) or up to lingular segments (on the left side) permits to reduce significantly (by 10.3%) the postoperative complications rate and to improve the operative intervention efficacy by 7.6%.",
"Reports of childhood maltreatment, especially emotional abuse and neglect, are prevalent in outpatients with migraine. There is extensive overlap of maltreatment types and a high rate of revictimization in adulthood. All types of childhood abuse and neglect are strongly associated with remote and current depression and anxiety, and the relationship strengthens with an increasing number of maltreatment types.",
"Basal insulin (b-INS) is typically the add-on treatment of choice for patients with poor glycemic control (ie, glycated hemoglobin [HbA1c] level ≥ 8.5%), but it is unclear whether b-INS is the best option. In this post hoc analysis, the efficacy and tolerability of exenatide once weekly (EQW) were compared with those of b-INS in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and a baseline HbA1c level 8.5% who were undergoing treatment with metformin ± a sulfonylurea. Data were pooled from two 26-week, randomized, controlled trials (EQW vs insulin glargine and EQW vs insulin detemir [EQW, N = 137; b-INS, N = 126]). Treatment with either EQW or b-INS for 26 weeks was associated with significant improvements in HbA1c level compared with baseline, although patients treated with EQW experienced a significantly greater decrease in HbA1c level than those treated with b-INS (least squares [LS] mean ± SE: -2.0% ± 0.08% vs -1.6% ± 0.08%; P = 0.0008). Treatment with EQW was associated with a weight loss of 2.4 kg ± 0.23 kg (LS mean ± SE), whereas treatment with b-INS was associated with a weight gain of 2.0 kg ± 0.24 kg (LS mean difference between groups, -4.4 kg ± 0.33; P < 0.0001). Patients in the EQW group were significantly more likely to achieve the composite endpoint of an HbA1c level < 7.0%, no weight gain, and no hypoglycemic events (defined as a blood glucose level < 54 mg/dL requiring self-treatment or assistance to resolve) than patients in the b-INS group (33.6% vs 3.2%; P < 0.0001). The exposure-adjusted hypoglycemic event rates were 0.08 and 0.37 events per patient-year in the EQW and b-INS groups, respectively. Gastrointestinal adverse events occurred at a higher rate in patients who underwent EQW treatment than those who were treated with b-INS. These results show that EQW treatment was associated with significantly greater improvement in HbA1c level compared with b-INS treatment among patients with poor glycemic control, with the added benefits of weight loss (vs weight gain with b-INS therapy) and a lower incidence of hypoglycemic events. These results suggest that EQW is an alternative treatment to b-INS for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and a baseline HbA1c level ≥ 8.5%.",
"Our results strongly indicate a relevant prognostic role of structural alterations in small resistance arteries of a high-risk population.",
"During pheochromocytoma surgery, a Deltadown </= 2 mmHg appears to indicate minimal intravascular volume depletion. Deltadown measurements could be used to guide fluid therapy for the prevention and treatment of arterial hypotension following pheochromocytoma removal.",
"Patients with venous thrombosis (VT) have an increased risk of subsequent CVD (CVD), but the underlying pathophysiology is unclear. Using data from the Multiple Environmental and Genetic Assessment of risk factors for venous thrombosis follow-up study, 4480 patients with VT, 2926 partner control participants, and 2638 random digit dialing (RDD) control participants were followed-up between 1999 and 2008. Incidence rates and hazard ratios with 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) of CVD (defined as myocardial infarction or ischemic stroke) were calculated for patients vs controls. Measurable confounders (age, sex, body mass index, smoking, chronic disease, malignancy, genetic thrombophilia, and procoagulant markers) were adjusted for when comparing patients with RDD controls. Unmeasured lifestyle-related factors were also considered by comparing patients with their partners. During a median follow-up time of 5 years, 124 CVD events occurred. Incidence of CVD per 1000 person-years was 3.2 (95% CI, 2.5-4.0) in patients, 2.2 (95% CI, 1.5-3.0) in partners, and 1.6 (95% CI, 0.9-2.6) in RDD controls. Crude hazard ratio was 2.2 (95% CI, 1.2-3.8) in patients compared with RDD controls and 1.5 (95% CI, 1.0-2.3) in patients compared with partners. After adjustment for all confounders, these risks attenuated to 1.8 (95% CI, 0.8-4.2) and 1.3 (95% CI, 0.7-2.5) for patients compared with RDD control participants and partners, respectively. In conclusion, individuals with VT had an increased risk of CVD. This could be explained by common etiologic factors.",
"MAC is detectable in one fourth of patients with type 2 diabetes without CAD and is mostly related to LV systolic dysfunction expressed as combined impairment of LV circumferential and longitudinal fibers, independent of age and LAV.",
"EPA/DHA supplementation in the total sample of patients after myocardial infarction had no effect on depressive symptoms. The clinically relevant antidepressant effect in the subgroup of depressed patients with EPA/DHA supplementation as adjunctive to conventional antidepressants that was revealed in the post hoc analysis might provide a basis for a controlled, prospective trial of omega-3 augmentation of antidepressants in patients after myocardial infarction.",
"Apixaban, compared with warfarin, was associated with fewer intracranial hemorrhages, less adverse consequences following extracranial hemorrhage, and a 50% reduction in fatal consequences at 30 days in cases of major hemorrhage.",
"Pioglitazone improved the preservation of sinus rhythm and reduced the reablation rate in patients with PAF and T2DM after catheter ablation.",
"null",
"Routine use of third-trimester routine ultrasound increased detection rates of small-for-gestational-age and large-for-gestational-age fetuses. This did not alter perinatal outcomes. Third-trimester ultrasound screening should not be rejected before a policy of adding Doppler surveillance to the high-risk group identified has been investigated further.",
"Electrical cardioversion has a favourable safety profile and appears to be a more effective method than pharmacological cardioversion for the treatment of permanent AF after cardiac valve replacement, once the heart has returned close to its normal size.",
"Currently in Japan, adherence to the guidelines regarding anticoagulation therapy is limited (UMIN Clinical Trials Registry UMIN000001569).",
"In hemodialysis patients, ECG macQTc intervals are insufficiently sensitive or specific to predict prolonged trueQTc intervals, unless >480 ms.",
"Weight-based vancomycin dosing before coronary artery bypass grafting or valve replacement results in vancomycin concentrations greater than 15 μg/mL consistently more than does standard 1-g dosing.",
"The patient's tolerance of intravenous administration of flecainide or propafenone does not seem to predict adverse effects during out-of-hospital self-administration of these drugs.",
"Fifty-one brain-injured patients with peak 24-hour admission Glasgow Coma Scale (GCS) scores of 4 to 10 were prospectively randomly assigned to receive total parenteral (TPN) or enteral (EN) nutrition. Patients were studied from hospital admission to 18 days postinjury. Outcome was assessed by the Glasgow Outcome Scale at 3 months, 6 months, and 1 year postinjury. The TPN group received a significantly higher cumulative mean intake of protein than the EN group (mean +/- standard error of the mean: 1.35 +/- 0.12 vs. 0.91 +/- 0.9 gm/kg/day; p = 0.004). Mean cumulative caloric balance was also significantly higher in the TPN than in the EN group (75.6% +/- 5.13% vs. 59% +/- 4.26%; p = 0.02). Nitrogen balance was significantly more negative in the EN group during the 1st week postinjury (p = 0.002). The incidence of pneumonia, urinary tract infections, septic shock, and infections was not significantly different between groups. Classic nutritional assessment parameters such as anergy screens, total lymphocyte counts, and albumin levels were not significantly different between groups. The 11 patients in the EN group who did not tolerate tube feedings for 1 week postinjury had a significantly higher incidence of septic shock (p = 0.008). The change over time in GCS scores between groups was significantly different, with the TPN group showing a mean four-point increase in GCS score compared with a three-point increase in the EN group (p = 0.02). At 3 months the TPN group had a significantly higher percentage of favorable outcomes (43.5% vs. 17.9%, respectively; p = 0.05). At 6 months, 43.5% of the TPN group had a favorable outcome while 32.1% of the EN group had a favorable outcome (p = 0.29). By 1 year, 47.8% of the TPN group and 32.1% of the EN group had a favorable outcome (p = 0.20). In conclusion, more calories and protein usually can be administered to acute brain injury patients via the TPN route than by EN feedings via nasogastric or nasoduodenal routes. Traditional parameters for nutritional assessment are not useful in studying the efficacy of nutritional support during the first 2 weeks after head injury. Neurological recovery from head injury occurs more rapidly in patients with better early nutritional support.",
"MK-3207 was effective and generally well tolerated in the acute treatment of migraine.",
"O-K culture contributes significantly to the diagnosis of smear-negative PTB. Importantly, this method allows the recovery of clinical isolates in areas where use of the standard culture centrifuge is impossible, indicating that the O-K swab culture method should become a standard method for TB diagnosis in these regions.",
"Long lasting insecticide treated nets (LLINs) have been advocated as an effective tool for prevention and control of malaria. Olyset net was the first LLINs which became commercially available and obtained WHO approval. According to the national strategic plan on evaluation of Olyset net, a field trial was conducted to determine the efficacy of these nets against malaria vectors in an endemic area in the southeast of Iran. Fourteen villages with similar topographical and epidemiological situations were selected and randomly assigned to two clusters of the study: Olyset net and untreated net. Distribution of nets was carried out to cover 100% of the population in Olyset net and untreated net cluster. Anopheline mosquitoes were collected monthly using different WHO standard methods in both areas to determine their abundance, feeding pattern and resting behaviour. Human blood index was determined using ELISA test. Additionally, Olyset nets were evaluated for their biological activity using WHO cone bioassay test by susceptible colony of Anopheles stephensi (Beech strain) and then for insecticide residues by employing high performance thin layer chromatography. Malaria incidence was measured by passive and active case detection from all study population. In total 2115 adult anopheline mosquitoes were collected and identified using morphological characters. They comprised of seven species: Anopheles dthali (Liston), A. culicifacies (Giles), A. stephensi (Liston), A. superpictus (Grassi), A.fluviatilis (James), A. moghulensis (Christophers) and A. turkhudi (Liston). A. dthali, A. culicifacies and A. stephensi were most prevalent species in both areas. In the Olyset net study area, there was a significant reduction of 41.1%, 54.4%, 59.39% and 64.1% in the indoor-resting density of A. culicifacies, A. stephensi, A. dthali and A. superpictus, respectively, with an overall reduction of 39.3% in total mosquitoes in comparison with untreated net area. A significant reduction was also observed in human blood index of vector species in the Olyset net villages. Bioefficacy test results of Olyset nets showed that the median knockdown time was 1.48 and 3.25min, while the average mortality rate was 100% and 72.3%±7.07 in baseline and after 1 year of intervention, respectively. The average permethrin content reached to 68.31% (683.1mg/m(2)) of the initial insecticide dose of 937±21.69mg/m(2) (nearly 1000mg/m(2)) at the end of intervention. Malaria incidence was reduced by 96.6% and 64.8% in the village with Olyset nets and in the villages with untreated nets, respectively. During intervention period, there was a reduction of 93.2% in malaria incidence in Olyset net area as compared to the untreated area. This study indicated that Olyset nets have a major impact on malaria vectors and disease burden; therefore it could be recommended as an effective personal protection tool for malaria control in malarious areas.",
"Rizatriptan was generally safe and well tolerated in the long-term acute treatment of migraine in pediatric patients aged 12-17 years and demonstrated a consistent treatment effect over time.",
"This will be the first randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial to assess the clinical efficacy of nesiritide in human ST-segment-elevation anterior AMI.",
"Percutaneous endocardial occlusion of ISLL is feasible using an Amplatzer Septal Occluder device. Additional studies are required to evaluate the long-term safety and efficacy of this therapeutic treatment strategy in patients with ISLL.",
"The study was set up to determine the clinical value of dihydroxyphenylalanine positron emission tomography-computed tomography ([(18)F]DOPA PET-CT) in patients with neuroendocrine tumors (NETs). Eighty-two patients with suspected/known NET were imaged with PET(-CT) using [(18)F]DOPA. Patients were divided into two groups: primary diagnosis/staging and restaging of disease. All patients without previous diagnosis of NET had biochemical proof of disease. The diagnostic accuracy of PET was assessed by comparing the histopathology and clinical follow-up. The overall accuracy of [(18)F]DOPA PET was 90%. In patients having PET for primary diagnosis/staging (n=32), the accuracy of PET was 88%, and for restaging 92% (n=61). The mean s.d. sizes of primary and metastatic lesions detected by PET were 26+/-11 and 16+/-9 mm respectively. In organ-region-specific analysis, the sensitivity and specificity were 100% in the primary diagnosis of pheochromocytoma (n=16) and metastases were found in all cases with recurrent disease (n=5). The accuracy for NET of gastrointestinal tract was 92% in restaging (n=24). For the NETs located in the head-neck-thoracic region (n=19), the overall accuracy of PET was 89% including 12 cases of recurrent medullary thyroid cancer with a sensitivity of 90%. In analysis of patients with biochemical proof of disease combined with negative conventional imaging methods, PET had positive and negative predictive value of 92% and 95% respectively. [(18)F]DOPA PET-CT provided important additional information in the diagnosis of pheochromocytoma and restaging of known NET. Both in primary diagnosis and in patients with formerly known NET and increasing tumor markers, [(18)F]DOPA PET-CT is a sensitive first-line imaging method.",
"Quality of life was comparable in the episodic and continuous treated group after 12 months of follow-up. Continued maintenance of sinus rhythm was associated with an improvement in QoL in the episodic but not the continuous treated group.",
"Our aim was to analyze any changes during diastole in patients with normal left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF), after pacemaker stimulation from the right ventricular outflow tract (RVOT) and right ventricular apex (RVA) lead position. This was a prospective, randomized, follow up study, which lasted for 12 months. Our research included 132 consecutive patients who were implanted with a permanent antibradycardiac pacemaker. Regarding the right ventricle lead position the patients were divided into two groups: The RVOT group--71 patients, with right ventricle outflow tract lead position and the RVA group--61 patients, with right ventricle apex lead position. We measured LVEF and diastolic parameters: peak filling ratio and time to peak filling ratio obtained by radionuclide ventriculography (RNV). The LVEF and various diastolic parameters and left atrial diameter were obtained by echocardiography. Based on the values of deceleration time of early diastolic filling (DTE), and other diastolic parameters like left atrial diameter, all the patients were classified into three degrees of diastolic dysfunction. Our results showed that there was no group difference in distribution of gender, age, body mass index (BMI), VVI to DDD pacemakers implantation ratio, RNV parameters (LVEF, peak filling rate (PFR), time to PFR (TPFR)) and echocardiography parameters: LVEF and parameters of diastolic dysfunction. After 12 months of pacemaker stimulation, LVEF by RNV remained the same in the RVOT group 51.31±15.80% (P=0.75), and also in the RVA group 53.83±6.57%, (P=0.19). In the RVOT group the PFR was highly lower and this finding was significant (P=0.01), while TPFR was also significantly lower (P=0.03). By dividing the patients according to the degree of diastolic dysfunction we found that most patients in both groups at enrollment had a second degree diastolic dysfunction. In both groups diastolic dysfunction increased, the number of patients with third degree diastolic dysfunction increased, and the number of patients with second degree diastolic dysfunction decreased, however, the worsening of diastolic function was significant only in the RVOT group. In conclusion, pacemaker stimulation from RVOT, but not in RVA, leads to progression of diastolic dysfunction in patients with preserved LVEF. This negative effect of pacemaker stimulation from RVOT on diastolic parameters was confirmed by two independent methods, RNV and echocardiography.",
"Our study results showed a negative trend but did not demonstrate statistically significant changes of BMD and metabolic markers with the treatment of ezetimibe.",
"Vernakalant hydrochloride injection (RSD1235) is a relatively atrial-selective antiarrhythmic agent that converts atrial fibrillation rapidly to sinus rhythm. The pharmacokinetics of vernakalant were explored in healthy volunteers and in patients with atrial fibrillation or atrial flutter in 4 clinical studies. Key pharmacokinetic parameters analyzed were the maximum plasma concentration and the area under the plasma concentration-time curve. Vernakalant exhibited linear pharmacokinetics over the dose range of 0.1 mg/kg to 5.0 mg/kg in healthy subjects, and generally showed dose proportionality in patients with atrial fibrillation or atrial flutter who received 1 or 2 vernakalant infusions. Vernakalant was metabolized rapidly via 4-O-demethylation by cytochrome P450 (CYP)2D6 to its major metabolite RSD1385, which then circulated predominantly as an inactive glucuronide conjugate. In most patients, the maximum plasma concentration of RSD1385 glucuronide exceeded that of vernakalant. Unconjugated RSD1385 was found at low levels in all patients demonstrating either a cytochrome P450 CYP2D6 "extensive metabolizer" or "poor metabolizer" phenotype or genotype; however, CYP2D6 poor metabolizers had even lower levels of unconjugated RSD1385. The impact of CYP2D6 metabolizer status on vernakalant exposure was explored in patients with atrial fibrillation or atrial flutter who received a therapeutic regimen (3 mg/kg initially via 10-minute intravenous infusion followed by a second 2 mg/kg 10-minute infusion if atrial fibrillation persisted after a 15-minute observation period). In the subset that received 2 vernakalant infusions, there was little difference in vernakalant maximum plasma concentration or area under the plasma concentration-time curve from the start of the first infusion to 90 minutes between CYP2D6 poor metabolizers and extensive metabolizers or between those who did or did not receive concomitant CYP2D6-inhibitor medications. Gender, age, and renal function did not have a clinically significant influence on the pharmacokinetics of vernakalant. These results suggest that an assessment of CYP2D6 expression may not be needed when vernakalant is administered acutely and intravenously to patients with atrial fibrillation.",
"A large burden of unsuspected pulmonary TB co-morbidity exists in inpatients with NCDs and other CDs. Pro-active sputum screening of all inpatients in tertiary referral centres in high TB endemic countries is recommended. The scale of the problem of undiagnosed MDR-TB in inpatients requires further study.",
"Current controlled trials ISRCTN44215995.",
"In tuberculosis (TB), the production of nitric oxide (NO) is confirmed but its importance in host defense is debated. Our aim was to investigate whether a food supplement rich in arginine could enhance clinical improvement in TB patients by increased NO production. Smear positive TB patients from Gondar, Ethiopia (n = 180) were randomized to a food supplementation rich in arginine (peanuts, equivalent to 1 g of arginine/day) or with a low arginine content (wheat crackers, locally called daboqolo) during four weeks. The primary outcome was cure rate according to the WHO classification and secondary outcomes were sputum smear conversion, weight gain, sedimentation rate, reduction of cough and chest X-ray improvement as well as levels of NO in urine (uNO) or exhaled air (eNO) at two months. There was no effect of the intervention on the primary outcome (OR 1.44, 95% CI: 0.69-3.0, p = 0.39) or secondary outcomes. In the subgroup analysis according to HIV status, peanut supplemented HIV+/TB patients showed increased cure rate (83.8% (31/37) vs 53.1% (17/32), p < 0.01). A low baseline eNO (<10 ppb) in HIV+/TB patients was associated with a decreased cure rate. We conclude that nutritional supplementation with a food supplement rich in arginine did not have any overall clinical effect. In the subgroup of HIV positive TB patients, it significantly increased the cure rate and as an additional finding in this subgroup, low initial levels of NO in exhaled air were associated with a poor clinical outcome but this needs to be confirmed in further studies.",
"Recent clinical evidence and animal experiments support the belief that statins have beneficial effects on cardiovascular outcomes and prevention of atrial fibrillation (AF). We investigated whether the use of statins reduces the mortality, morbidity, and recurrence rate of AF in patients with paroxysmal AF. A post hoc analysis of the Japanese Rhythm Management Trial for Atrial Fibrillation (J-RHYTHM) study was conducted.Of the 823 patients with paroxysmal AF in the J-RHYTHM study, 101 (12.3%) were receiving a statin at baseline. Patients taking statins were older and more likely to have hypertension, dyslipidemia, coronary artery disease, and ischemic stroke compared to patients not taking statins. During a mean follow-up period of 19.3 months, 40 patients (5.5%) reached the primary endpoint (a composite of all-cause death, stroke, systemic embolism, major bleeding, and hospitalization for heart failure) and 140 patients (19.4%) experienced a recurrence of AF. Multivariate Cox proportional-hazard regression analysis revealed statin use was not associated with improved mortality and morbidity (hazard ratio [HR] 0.409, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.113-1.482), or a decreased risk of AF recurrence (HR 0.662, 95% CI 0.299-1.466).This analysis provides evidence that statin use did not affect clinical outcomes in patients with paroxysmal AF and emphasizes the need for randomized clinical trials defining more clearly the role of statins in treating AF.",
"Comprehensive TB screening kept the number of active TB cases relatively low despite conducting the studies in TB-endemic regions. Treatment for latent TB infection appeared effective, since no patients treated for latent TB had TB reactivation. Concurrent treatment with golimumab and anti-TB medication was generally well tolerated. Clinicians should remain vigilant for development of active TB after initiation of TNF inhibitors, since prompt diagnosis and treatment can improve outcomes.",
"The EUROMAX trial will test whether bivalirudin started in the ambulance and continued for 4 hours after primary PCI improves clinical outcomes compared with guideline-recommended standard-of-care heparin-based regimens, and will also provide information on the combination of bivalirudin with prasugrel or ticagrelor.",
"null",
"Novo Nordisk.",
"The EXCOR Pediatric VAD can provide a bridge to transplant for children with SV anatomy or physiology, albeit less successfully than in children with BV. In this small series, results are better in patients with SCPC and TCPC. VAD support for patients with shunted sources of pulmonary blood flow should be applied with caution.",
"The MOSAIC trial will provide data regarding whether an intervention that concurrently manages these common psychiatric disorders results in meaningful improvements in HRQoL, psychiatric symptoms, and medical outcomes in cardiac patients at high risk for adverse outcomes.",
"In patients with recent-onset AF, oral flecainide, amiodarone or propafenone are superior to placebo in restoring sinus rhythm within the 24-hour period following the drug intake.",
"null",
"These findings provide valuable information both for clinical practice and trials. Further studies are required to investigate the impact of intravitreal bevacizumab on retinal thickness profiles in DMO.",
"Over 90% of SB events could be predicted by an increasing heart rate of 110%. Since the sensitivity and specificity were extremely high, the hypothesis that SB events could be predicted by increased heart rate was positively verified.",
"Compared with baseline scores, HRQoL improvement was seen after 24 weeks of treatment with all insulin analogue therapies",
"Group medical clinics appear to enhance lipid management among patients with diabetes and hypertension. This may be a result of greater intensification of cholesterol-lowering medications in group medical clinics relative to usual care.",
"The results of this observational study show that insulin glargine, when added to a fixed-dose combination of metformin and a DPP-4 inhibitor, resulted in a significant and clinically relevant improvement of glycemic control. Importantly, this intervention did not interfere with the action of the DPP-4 inhibitors, resulting in neutral effects on weight and low rates of hypoglycemia. We conclude that this treatment intensification approach may be useful, efficient, and safe in daily clinical practice for patients with type 2 diabetes.",
"CQ is not suitable for first-line falciparum treatment in Afghan refugee communities. The extended-dose CQ regimen can overcome 39% of resistant infections that would recrudesce under the standard regimen, but the high failure rate after directly observed treatment demonstrates its use is inappropriate.",
"Intermittent thrice-weekly treatment for 6 months with three drugs in the intensive phase is effective and safe for unilateral small pleural effusion in immunocompetent patients. Although Category III no longer exists in the programme, the results are reassuring for intermittent treatment in extra-pulmonary TB under programme conditions.",
"Pituitary adenylate cyclase-activating polypeptide-38 (PACAP38) and vasoactive intestinal polypeptide are structurally and functionally closely related but show differences in migraine-inducing properties. Mechanisms responsible for the difference in migraine induction are unknown. Here, for the first time, we present a head-to-head comparison study of the immediate and long-lasting observations of the migraine-inducing, arterial, physiological and biochemical responses comparing PACAP38 and vasoactive intestinal polypeptide. In a double-blind crossover study 24 female migraine patients without aura were randomly allocated to intravenous infusion of PACAP38 (10 pmol/kg/min) or vasoactive intestinal polypeptide (8 pmol/kg/min) over 20 min. We recorded incidence of migraine during and after infusion (0-24 h). Magnetic resonance angiography of selected extra- and intracranial arteries, blood samples (plasma PACAP38 and vasoactive intestinal polypeptide and serum tryptase), and vital signs (blood pressure, heart rate, respiratory frequency, and end-tidal pressure of CO2) was recorded before and up to 5 h after infusion. Twenty-two patients [mean age 24 years (range 19-36)] completed the study on both days. Sixteen patients (73%) reported migraine-like attacks after PACAP38 and four after vasoactive intestinal polypeptide (18%) infusion (P = 0.002). Three of four patients, who reported migraine-like attacks after vasoactive intestinal polypeptide, also reported attacks after PACAP38. Both peptides induced marked dilatation of the extracranial (P < 0.05), but not intracranial arteries (P > 0.05). PACAP38-induced vasodilatation was longer lasting (>2 h), whereas vasoactive intestinal polypeptide-induced dilatation was normalized after 2 h. We recorded elevated plasma PACAP38 at 1 h after the start of PACAP38 infusion only in those patients who later reported migraine attacks. Blood levels of vasoactive intestinal polypeptide and tryptase were unchanged after PACAP38 infusion. In conclusion, PACAP38-induced migraine was associated with sustained dilatation of extracranial arteries and elevated plasma PACAP38 before onset of migraine-like attacks. PACAP38 has a much higher affinity for the PAC1 receptor and we therefore suggest that migraine induction by PACAP38 may be because of activation of the PAC1 receptor, which may be a future anti-migraine drug target.",
"Seventy-one patients with recurrent migraine headaches, aged 17-62, from one neurological practice, completed a quantitative electroencephalogram (QEEG) procedure. All QEEG results indicated an excess of high-frequency beta activity (21-30 Hz) in 1-4 cortical areas. Forty-six of the 71 patients selected neurofeedback training while the remaining 25 chose to continue on drug therapy. Neurofeedback protocols consisted of reducing 21-30 Hz activity and increasing 10 Hz activity (5 sessions for each affected site). All the patients were classified as migraine without aura. For the neurofeedback group the majority (54%) experienced complete cessation of their migraines, and many others (39%) experienced a reduction in migraine frequency of greater than 50%. Four percent experienced a decrease in headache frequency of < 50%. Only one patient did not experience a reduction in headache frequency. The control group of subjects who chose to continue drug therapy as opposed to neurofeedback experienced no change in headache frequency (68%), a reduction of less than 50% (20%), or a reduction greater than 50% (8%). QEEG-guided neurofeedback appears to be dramatically effective in abolishing or significantly reducing headache frequency in patients with recurrent migraine.",
"Uncontrolled studies have suggested that increasing the dose of ziprasidone above the standard maximum daily dose of 160 mg may be more effective for some patients with schizophrenia. To test this hypothesis, we conducted an 8-week, placebo-controlled, fixed-dose escalation trial comparing ziprasidone 160 versus 320 mg/d in individuals with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder who remained symptomatic despite treatment with ziprasidone 160 mg/d for at least 3 weeks. Of 75 randomized patients, 42 completed the study. Serum ziprasidone concentrations increased significantly in the high-dose group compared with the standard-dose group at week 4 but did not differ between groups at week 8. Both treatment groups exhibited significant symptomatic improvement. Response did not differ between treatment groups; however, in the high-dose group, higher ziprasidone serum concentrations were associated with better response at a trend level. Higher ziprasidone concentrations were also associated with reductions in diastolic blood pressure and, at a trend level, with more prominent negative symptoms and greater QTc prolongation. In summary, increasing the ziprasidone dose to 320 mg/d did not produce a sustained elevation in serum concentrations or symptomatic improvement compared with a standard ziprasidone dose of 160 mg/d.",
"The sponsor and the steering committee terminated the trial on the recommendation of the independent data and safety monitoring committee; the median follow-up was 9 months. A total of 69 of 1088 patients (6%) randomly assigned to bardoxolone methyl and 69 of 1097 (6%) randomly assigned to placebo had a primary composite outcome (hazard ratio in the bardoxolone methyl group vs. the placebo group, 0.98; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.70 to 1.37; P=0.92). In the bardoxolone methyl group, ESRD developed in 43 patients, and 27 patients died from cardiovascular causes; in the placebo group, ESRD developed in 51 patients, and 19 patients died from cardiovascular causes. A total of 96 patients in the bardoxolone methyl group were hospitalized for heart failure or died from heart failure, as compared with 55 in the placebo group (hazard ratio, 1.83; 95% CI, 1.32 to 2.55; P<0.001). Estimated GFR, blood pressure, and the urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio increased significantly and body weight decreased significantly in the bardoxolone methyl group, as compared with the placebo group.",
"Overall, 114 patients were allocated to short DAPT regimen, whereas 110 patients were allocated to long DAPT regimen. Twenty-seven patients reached the primary endpoint (19 in short DAPT regimen vs. 8 in long DAPT regimen; p = 0.02). The cumulative incidence of the primary endpoint at 24 months was 16.7% in the short DAPT regimen group compared with 7.3% in the long DAPT regimen group (p = 0.034). This is principally due to a lower occurrence of death and MI in the long DAPT regimen group as compared to the short DAPT regimen group (6.5% vs. 15.5%; p = 0.03). There was no difference in the occurrence of bleeding complications between long and short DAPT regimen.",
"Coronary artery disease and smoking are additional risk factors for TE in anticoagulated AF patients, whereas alcohol use appears protective. Of the contemporary stroke RSS, the CHA₂DS₂-VASc scheme correctly identified the greatest proportion of AF patients at high risk, despite the similar predictive ability of most RSS evidenced by the c-statistic.",
"Perioperative alpha 1 blockade by urapidil enables an effective and easy control of acute preoperative haemodynamic changes.",
"The ATP-binding cassette G2 (ABCG2) c.421C>A (rs2231142) polymorphism influences the pharmacokinetics of rosuvastatin. We examined whether this polymorphism influences the low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C)-lowering efficacy of the drug. In 305 Chinese patients with hypercholesterolemia who were treated with rosuvastatin at a dosage of 10 mg daily, the c.421A variant was found to be significantly associated with greater reduction in LDL-C level, in a gene-dose-dependent manner. As compared with subjects with the c.421CC genotype, those with the c.421AA genotype showed a 6.9% greater reduction in LDL-C level, which would be equivalent to the effect obtained by doubling the dose of rosuvastatin.",
"Women experience delays in identification of the STEMI diagnosis and also in the PCI process. Thus a multifaceted approach addressing both the diagnosis and management of STEMI in women is required.",
"Atorvastatin and rosuvastatin had similar efficacy in preventing CIN in patients with STEMI undergoing P-PCI.",
"ONS for treatment of refractory CCH and CM is a cost-intensive treatment option with a significant complication rate. Nevertheless, patients with refractory primary headache disorders may experience substantial relief of pain attacks, and headache days, respectively.",
"Current recommendations on the management of patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention with stent (PCI-S) essentially derive from small, single-center, retrospective datasets. To obtain larger and better quality data, we carried out the prospective, multicenter Atrial Fibrillation undergoing Coronary Artery Stenting (AFCAS) study. Therefore, consecutive patients with history of or ongoing AF undergoing PCI-S were enrolled, and occurrence of adverse ischemic and bleeding events recorded during 12 months follow-up. In this article, we report the in-hospital observations. Out of the 963 patients, in the majority of cases (49.1%) AF was permanent. The associated risk of stroke, as defined by a CHADS2 -score ≥2, was in 70% of patients moderate to high. Upon enrollment in the registry, 69.3% of patients were on VKA therapy. Overall occurrence of in-hospital major adverse cardiac events was 4.5% (cardiovascular death 1.9%, urgent revascularization in 1.5%, and stroke/arterial thromboembolism in 0.6%). Bleeding complications occurred in 7.1% of patients, being severe in 2.5%. In a logistic regression analysis, no risk factor was independently associated with bleeding events, whereas Clopidogrel treatment decreased and female gender/treatment with gpIIb/IIIa-antagonists, respectively increased the risk for the combined ischemic endpoint. The majority of AF patients undergoing PCI-S are at high stroke risk, and therefore VKA treatment should not be withdrawn and combined anticoagulant and antiplatelet treatment is warranted. Current management appears largely in accordance with current recommendations, whereby accounting for the limited occurrence of in-hospital adverse ischemic and bleeding events.",
"The German DEVICE registry demonstrates that patients with AF who receive ICD devices are older, have more co-morbidity and more severe heart failure. AF carries an independent 1.39 fold risk (95% CI 1.02-1.89) of death after one year in patients only with first ICD implantation.",
"This study was designed to confirm the appropriateness of the dose setting for a Japanese phase III study of rivaroxaban in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation (NVAF), which had been based on model simulation employing phase II study data. The previously developed mixed-effects pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic (PK-PD) model, which consisted of an oral one-compartment model parameterized in terms of clearance, volume and a first-order absorption rate, was rebuilt and optimized using the data for 597 subjects from the Japanese phase III study, J-ROCKET AF. A mixed-effects modeling technique in NONMEM was used to quantify both unexplained inter-individual variability and inter-occasion variability, which are random effect parameters. The final PK and PK-PD models were evaluated to identify influential covariates. The empirical Bayes estimates of AUC and C(max) from the final PK model were consistent with the simulated results from the Japanese phase II study. There was no clear relationship between individual estimated exposures and safety-related events, and the estimated exposure levels were consistent with the global phase III data. Therefore, it was concluded that the dose selected for the phase III study with Japanese NVAF patients by means of model simulation employing phase II study data had been appropriate from the PK-PD perspective.",
"Nonsurgical periodontal therapy did not improve glycemic control in patients with type 2 diabetes and moderate to advanced chronic periodontitis. These findings do not support the use of nonsurgical periodontal treatment in patients with diabetes for the purpose of lowering levels of HbA1c.",
"Phaeochromocytomas and paragangliomas (PPGLs) are highly heterogeneous tumours with variable catecholamine biochemical phenotypes and diverse hereditary backgrounds. This analysis of 18 catecholamine-related plasma and urinary biomarkers in 365 patients with PPGLs and 846 subjects without PPGLs examined how catecholamine metabolomic profiles are impacted by hereditary background and relate to variable hormone secretion. Catecholamine secretion was assessed in a subgroup of 156 patients from whom tumour tissue was available for measurements of catecholamine contents. Among all analytes, the free catecholamine O-methylated metabolites measured in plasma showed the largest tumour-related increases relative to the reference group. Patients with tumours due to multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2 and neurofibromatosis type 1 (NF1) showed similar catecholamine metabolite and secretory profiles to patients with adrenaline-producing tumours and no evident hereditary background. Tumours from these three patient groups contained higher contents of catecholamines, but secreted the hormones at lower rates than tumours that did not contain appreciable adrenaline, the latter including PPGLs due to von Hippel-Lindau (VHL) and succinate dehydrogenase (SDH) gene mutations. Large increases of plasma dopamine and its metabolites additionally characterised patients with PPGLs due to the latter mutations, whereas patients with NF1 were characterised by large increases in plasma dihydroxyphenylglycol and dihydroxyphenylacetic acid, the deaminated metabolites of noradrenaline and dopamine. This analysis establishes the utility of comprehensive catecholamine metabolite profiling for characterising the distinct and highly diverse catecholamine metabolomic and secretory phenotypes among different groups of patients with PPGLs. The data further suggest developmental origins of PPGLs from different populations of chromaffin cell progenitors.",
"Our results suggest that a combination of amiodarone and propranolol is an effective and safe option for the treatment of persistent arrhythmias in neonates and infants, and may serve as a bridge to ablation therapy in older children.",
"Intensive lifestyle intervention can result in reductions in total energy intake for up to 9 years. Initial success in achieving reductions in fat and energy intake and success in attaining activity goals appear to predict long-term success at maintaining changes.",
"The results of PREEMPT 2 demonstrate that onabotulinumtoxinA is effective for prophylaxis of headache in adults with chronic migraine. Repeated onabotulinumtoxinA treatments were safe and well tolerated.",
"The LA expansion index is associated with the presence of AF, and a reduced LA expansion index has a strong association with persistent AF.",
"null",
"Primary headaches, migraine and tension-type headaches are some of the most frequent conditions in young age. Even before pharmacological treatment, it is mainly useful in these patients to adopt an appropriate lifestyle, with regular sleep, meals, computer and TV, sport, and avoiding triggers. Any specific and effective pharmacological treatment for migraine and tension-type headache is never lacking in side effects. Gingkolide B, an herbal constituent extract from Ginko biloba tree leaves, is a natural anti platelet activating factor (PAF). PAF is a potent pro inflammatory and nociceptive agent released during the inflammation process. Therefore, Gingkolide B can be considered a promising non pharmacological tool for treatment of migraine with and without aura. In an earlier clinical report, we described our initial attempts to assess the clinical utility of Gingkolide B in a small group of young migraine patients. A small sample of 30 young patients suffering from migraine without aura entered the open-label prospective trial. Migraine without aura was diagnosed according to International Headache Society (IHS) criteria. The treatment was well tolerated and the compliance was good. Despite the uncontrolled open-label design of this study and the small sample of patients, these data show that Gingkolide B seems to be effective as preventive treatment in reducing migraine attack frequency and in attenuating the use of symptomatic medication in our small series of children with primary headache.",
"This randomized clinical trial demonstrated comparable safety and efficacy for MMC trabeculectomy and AGI in the treatment of pediatric aphakic glaucoma.",
"Valvular heart diseases are common in HIV-infected patients. Fortunately, most of these disorders are mild today. We found an association between the onset of valvular heart disease and clinical stages of HIV infection.",
"We present in this paper experience of the use of implantable devices for long-term monitoring of cardiac rhythm after one stage operation of coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) and radiofrequency ablation of atrial fibrillation (AF) source and results of a prospective randomized study, in which we included patients (n=95) with persistent AF and ischemic heart disease. These patients were randomized into 3 groups: with radiofrequency isolation of ostia of pulmonary veins (group 1, n=31), radiofrequency modified mini-maze procedure (group 2, n=30); CABG without AF elimination (control group 3, n=34). Implantable devices Reveal XT were used in 53 patients (21, 25, and 7 in groups 1, 2, and 3, respectively). According to data obtained with these devices AF was absent in 86.7, 95.6, 53%, and in 80, 86.2, 44.1% of patients in groups 1, 2, 3 after 1 and 2 years after operation, respectively). In 24% of patients Reveal devices also registered asymptomati-c arrhythmias. The use of implantable devices for monitoring of rhythm allowed to detect such arrhythmia and to provide timely correction of therapy.",
"This chapter provides a set of indicators related to Renal Transplantation access in France. It describes patient outcomes and reports on cumulative incidence rates of wait-listing and renal transplantation according to main patient of characteristics and regions. The REIN registry integrates kidney transplant and dialysis data. It provides a comprehensive view on waiting list and renal transplantation access to the patients, nephrologists, and national or regional health authorities. Access to the waiting list is evaluated on a cohort of 51,845 new patients who started dialysis between 2002 and 2011 in 25 regions. The probability of first wait-listing was of 3.7% at the start of dialysis (pre-emptive registrations), 15% at 12, 22% at 36 and 24% to 60 months. The probability of being registered was strongly related to age, diabetes and region. Patient older than 60 had a very poor access to the waiting list, whatever their diabetes status was. Probability of first wait-listing was much lower (36.5% at 60 months) in type 2 diabetic-40 to 59 years old patients. Among 13,653 patients less than 60 years old, the probability of being registered was 11% at the start of dialysis, 43% to 12 months, 62% to 36 months and 66% to 60 months (median dialysis duration: 16 months). Seventeen regions with up to 5 years follow-up show an increase of 8 to 15% in pre-emptive registrations between 2007 and 2001, without change at 1 year. Access to kidney transplant is evaluated on a cohort of 53,301 new patients who started a renal replacement therapy (dialysis or pre-emptive renal transplant) between 2002 and 2011 in 25 regions. The probability of first kidney transplant was of 7% at 12, 17% at 36 and 21% at 60 months. 8,633 patients (16,2%) had received a first renal transplant within 14.7 month median time; 1,455 (2.7%) had received a pre-emptive graft [male: 58%, median age: 48.7y]. Among the 14,770 new patients less than 60 years old, the probability of being transplanted was of 21% at 12, 46% at 36 and 58% at 60 months (median dialysis duration: 42 months). When pre-emptive graft were excluded, the probability of being transplanted was of 5% at 12, 15% to 36 and 19% to 60 months Insofar as kidney transplant is regarded as the most efficient treatment, access to the waiting list and renal transplant are sensitive issues.",
"This is the first study of tecarfarin in patients with atrial fibrillation. It appears that tecarfarin may possess advantages over the currently available standard of care, warfarin, by improving time in therapeutic range. Adequately powered prospective trials are warranted to definitively compare tecarfarin with warfarin in clinical settings for which warfarin is indicated.",
"We compared the performance of four rapid diagnostic tests (RDTs) for imported malaria, and particularly Plasmodium falciparum infection, using thick and thin blood smears as the gold standard. All the tests are designed to detect at least one protein specific to P. falciparum (Plasmodium histidine-rich protein 2 (PfHRP2) or Plasmodium LDH (PfLDH)) and one pan-Plasmodium protein (aldolase or Plasmodium LDH (pLDH)). 1,311 consecutive patients presenting to 9 French hospitals with suspected malaria were included in this prospective study between April 2006 and September 2008. Blood smears revealed malaria parasites in 374 cases (29%). For the diagnosis of P. falciparum infection, the three tests detecting PfHRP2 showed high and similar sensitivity (96%), positive predictive value (PPV) (90%) and negative predictive value (NPV) (98%). The PfLDH test showed lower sensitivity (83%) and NPV (80%), despite good PPV (98%). For the diagnosis of non-falciparum species, the PPV and NPV of tests targeting pLDH or aldolase were 94-99% and 52-64%, respectively. PfHRP2-based RDTs are thus an acceptable alternative to routine microscopy for diagnosing P. falciparum malaria. However, as malaria may be misdiagnosed with RDTs, all negative results must be confirmed by the reference diagnostic method when clinical, biological or other factors are highly suggestive of malaria.",
"The results demonstrated that DTFC is more effective in reducing IOP than latanoprost and travoprost. Latanoprost and travoprost had similar ocular hypotensive effects in patients with PXG. All three drugs were well tolerated; there were fewer ocular side effects attributable in the latanoprost group.",
"null",
"The global ROCKET AF phase III trial evaluated rivaroxaban 20 mg once daily (o.d.) for stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation (AF). Based on rivaroxaban pharmacokinetics in Japanese subjects and lower anticoagulation preferences in Japan, particularly in elderly patients, the optimal dose regimen for Japanese AF patients was considered. The aim of this analysis was dose selection for Japanese patients from a pharmacokinetic aspect by comparison of simulated exposure in Japanese patients with those in Caucasian patients. As a result of population pharmacokinetics-pharmacodynamics analyses, a one-compartment pharmacokinetic model with first-order absorption and direct link pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic models optimally described the plasma concentration and pharmacodynamic models (Factor Xa activity, prothrombin time, activated partial thromboplastin time, and HepTest), which were also consistent with previous works. Steady-state simulations indicated 15 mg rivaroxaban o.d. doses in Japanese patients with AF would yield exposures comparable to the 20 mg o.d. dose in Caucasian patients with AF. In conclusion, in the context of the lower anticoagulation targets in Japanese practice, the population pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic modeling supports 15 mg o.d. as the principal rivaroxaban dose in J-ROCKET AF.",
"In patients chronically taking ACEIs, low doses of propofol reduce hemodynamic instability.",
"Advances in antithrombotic therapy for ST elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) enhance the risk of bleeding. Therefore, the incidence, determinants, and prognostic implications of in-hospital major bleeding after primary percutaneous coronary intervention for STEMI were investigated. In 963 consecutive patients, the incidence of bleeding was evaluated according to commonly used classifications including Can Rapid risk stratification of Unstable angina patients Suppress Adverse outcomes with Early implementation of the ACC/AHA guidelines, Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction, Global Use of Strategies To Open coronary arteries, and Bleeding Academic Research Consortium. Multivariate regression analyses investigated determinants of bleeding and the relation between bleeding and 1-year all-cause mortality. Large variability in incidence existed depending on classification (1.3% to 21%). Female gender, heart rate, creatinine, multivessel disease, cardiogenic shock, and procedural failure were independently associated with bleeding. One-year mortality reached 10.2% in bleeders versus 2.0% in nonbleeders (p <0.001). Bleeding was independently associated with an increased risk of 1-year mortality (hazard ratio [HR] 2.41, p <0.017). Assessment of individual classifications confirmed the increased risk of mortality for Bleeding Academic Research Consortium (HR 2.27, p = 0.048), but not for Can Rapid risk stratification of Unstable angina patients Suppress Adverse outcomes with Early implementation of the ACC/AHA guidelines, Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction, and Global Use of Strategies To Open coronary arteries bleeding. Thrombotic events occurred more frequently in bleeders (5.8% vs 1.5%, p <0.001); however, bleeding remained independently related to mortality with a negligible reduction in HR (2.25, p = 0.028) after adjustment. In conclusion, in-hospital major bleeding was frequently observed after STEMI, but a widespread variation in incidence existed depending on the applied definition. Patient and procedural characteristics were related to bleeding, allowing identification of high-risk patients. In-hospital major bleeding was independently associated with 1-year all-cause mortality; however, not all bleeding classifications proved equally relevant to prognosis. The relation between bleeding and mortality was shown not to be driven by the higher rate of thrombotic events among bleeders.",
"Receiving SSRIs in the perioperative period is associated with a higher risk for adverse events. Determining whether patient factors or SSRIs themselves are responsible for elevated risks requires prospective study.",
"We found the Amigo RCS to be safe and effective for positioning a mapping catheter at sites within the right atrium and ventricle.",
"Anti-inflammatory and pain therapies have been associated with blood pressure (BP) destabilization. Hence, the effects on BP of sumatriptan/naproxen sodium in fixed-dose combination, sumatriptan 85 mg, and naproxen sodium 500 mg administered intermittently for the acute treatment of migraine attacks were assessed. Patients with migraine with or without aura and no history of hypertension were randomized to sumatriptan/naproxen sodium (n=135), sumatriptan (n=136), or naproxen sodium (n=136) to treat migraine attacks for 6 months in a double-blind, parallel-group trial. Following a treated migraine attack, patients performed 2 consecutive days of self-measured BPs beginning ≥24 hours after the last dose of study medication and transmitted them by a transtelephonic modem. The primary end point was the change from baseline in self-measured BP at 6 months. Changes in self-measured BP from baseline to 6 months for sumatriptan/naproxen sodium were -2.1/-1.5 mm Hg (95% confidence intervals, -3.4 to -0.8 for systolic and -2.6 to -0.3 for diastolic). Mean changes from baseline in self-measured BP did not differ among the 3 treatment groups. Additional categorical analyses did not show increases from baseline with sumatriptan/naproxen sodium relative to either of the monotherapy groups. Intermittent acute migraine treatment with sumatriptan/naproxen sodium for up to 6 months was associated with clinically insignificant decreases in self-measured BP that were similar to those with sumatriptan or naproxen alone in normotensive patients with migraine.",
"Lifetime occupational exposures contribute to the risk of COPD, adjusted for smoking. These risks are present in populations with a high burden of tuberculosis, which is considered an important causative factor.",
"Bristol-Myers Squibb and Sanofi-Aventis.",
"In T2D, acute discontinuation of anti-hyperglycemic therapy and replacement with insulin increases postprandial Ra and reduces peripheral insulin sensitivity. Insulin dose initiation may need to compensate for these alterations.",
"Although hypertension contributes significantly to worsen cardiovascular risk, blood pressure increment in subjects with heart failure is paradoxically associated with lower risk. The objective was to determine whether pulse pressure and pulse wave velocity (PWV) remain prognostic markers, independent of treatment in heart failure with reduced left ventricular function. The investigation involved 6632 patients of the Eplerenone Post-Acute Myocardial Infarction Heart Failure Efficacy and Survival Study. All subjects had acute myocardial infarction with left ventricular ejection fraction <40% and signs/symptoms of heart failure. Carotid-femoral PWV was measured in a subpopulation of 306 subjects. In the overall population, baseline mean arterial pressure <90 mm Hg was associated with higher all-cause death (hazard ratio, 1.14 [95% confidence interval, 1.00-1.30]; P<0.05), whereas higher left ventricular ejection fraction or pulse pressure was associated with lower rates of all-cause death, cardiovascular death/hospitalization, and cardiovascular death. In the subpopulation, increased baseline PWV was associated with worse outcomes (all-cause death: 1.16 [1.03-1.30]; P<0.05 and cardiovascular deaths: 1.16 [1.03-1.31]; P<0.05), independent of age and left ventricular ejection fraction. Using multiple regression analysis, systolic blood pressure and age were the main independent factors positively associated with pulse pressure or PWV, both in the entire population or in the PWV substudy. In heart failure and low ejection fraction, our results suggest that pulse pressure, being negatively associated with outcome, is more dependent on left ventricular function and thereby no longer a marker of aortic elasticity. In contrast, increased aortic stiffness, assessed by PWV, contributes significantly to cardiovascular death.",
"Although it is unclear why the experts' case processing was more elaborate in the present study than in the earlier study, it must be concluded that expert medical knowledge is so flexibly organized that experts can easily represent clinical cases in either the encapsulated or the elaborated mode.",
"This study demonstrated that latanoprost, travoprost and bimatoprost are all effective in reducing IOP over the 24-hour curve in primary open-angle glaucoma. On the basis of our data, there was no statistically significant difference in the IOP reduction between these three drugs.",
"Ranolazine, an antianginal agent with antiarrhythmic properties, prevents atrial fibrillation (AF) in patients with acute coronary syndrome. In experimental models, the combination of ranolazine and amiodarone has marked synergistic effects that potently suppress AF. Currently, the clinical effect of the ranolazine-amiodarone combination for the conversion of AF is unknown. This prospective randomized pilot study compared the safety and efficacy of ranolazine plus amiodarone versus amiodarone alone for the conversion of recent-onset AF. We enrolled 51 consecutive patients with AF (<48-hour duration) eligible for pharmacologic cardioversion. Patients (33 men, 63 ± 8 years of age) were randomized to intravenous amiodarone for 24 hours (group A, n = 26) or to intravenous amiodarone plus oral ranolazine 1,500 mg at time of randomization (group A + R, n = 25). The 2 groups were well balanced with respect to clinical characteristics and left atrial diameter. Conversion within 24 hours (primary end point) was achieved in 22 patients (88%) in group A + R versus 17 patients (65%) in group A (p = 0.056). Time to conversion was shorter in group A + R than in group A (9.8 ± 4.1 vs 14.6 ± 5.3 hours, p = 0.002). According to Cox regression analysis, left atrial diameter and A + R treatment were the only independent predictors of time to conversion (hazard ratio 5.35, 95% confidence interval 2.37 to 12.11, p <0.001; hazard ratio 0.81, 95% confidence interval 0.74 to 0.88, p <0.001, respectively). There were no proarrhythmic events in either group. In conclusion, addition of ranolazine to standard amiodarone therapy is equally safe and appears to be more effective compared to amiodarone alone for conversion of recent-onset AF.",
"The ELISPOT assay is a useful adjunct to current tests for diagnosis of atypical spinal TB.",
"The authors investigated the effectiveness of the blood patch technique in reducing the pneumothorax and chest tube insertion rates after transthoracic needle lung biopsy. Biopsy of 100 pulmonary nodules was performed with a coaxial system. In this prospective, randomized study, patients either received a blood patch (group A, n = 46) or did not (group B, n = 47). Seven procedures were excluded: five for technical reasons and two because of lack of follow-up information. Comparison of the two groups by means of X2 analysis and the Student t test revealed no difference in the mean age, gender, smoking history, proportion of heavy smokers, nodule size, presence of cavitation, or number of needle passes. The pneumothorax rate was 24% (11 of 46 patients) in group A and 30% (14 of 47 patients) in group B. The chest tube insertion rate was 2.2% (one patient) in group A and 2.1% (one patient) in group B. The difference between the groups in either rate was not significant (P greater than .5). The blood patch technique did not lower the rate of pneumothorax or chest tube insertion.",
"Travoprost 0.004%/timolol 0.5% fixed combination produced a significant reduction in IOP, with favorable safety and tolerability profiles. Both patients and investigators strongly preferred TTFC to prior bimatoprost 0.03%/timolol 0.5% therapy.",
"Combination therapy with angiotensin-converting-enzyme (ACE) inhibitors and angiotensin-receptor blockers (ARBs) decreases proteinuria; however, its safety and effect on the progression of kidney disease are uncertain. Methods We provided losartan (at a dose of 100 mg per day) to patients with type 2 diabetes, a urinary albumin-to-creatinine ratio (with albumin measured in milligrams and creatinine measured in grams) of at least 300, and an estimated glomerular filtration rate (GFR) of 30.0 to 89.9 ml per minute per 1.73 m(2) of body-surface area and then randomly assigned them to receive lisinopril (at a dose of 10 to 40 mg per day) or placebo. The primary end point was the first occurrence of a change in the estimated GFR (a decline of ≥ 30 ml per minute per 1.73 m(2) if the initial estimated GFR was ≥ 60 ml per minute per 1.73 m(2) or a decline of ≥ 50% if the initial estimated GFR was <60 ml per minute per 1.73 m(2)), end-stage renal disease (ESRD), or death. The secondary renal end point was the first occurrence of a decline in the estimated GFR or ESRD. Safety outcomes included mortality, hyperkalemia, and acute kidney injury. Results The study was stopped early owing to safety concerns. Among 1448 randomly assigned patients with a median follow-up of 2.2 years, there were 152 primary end-point events in the monotherapy group and 132 in the combination-therapy group (hazard ratio with combination therapy, 0.88; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.70 to 1.12; P=0.30). A trend toward a benefit from combination therapy with respect to the secondary end point (hazard ratio, 0.78; 95% CI, 0.58 to 1.05; P=0.10) decreased with time (P=0.02 for nonproportionality). There was no benefit with respect to mortality (hazard ratio for death, 1.04; 95% CI, 0.73 to 1.49; P=0.75) or cardiovascular events. Combination therapy increased the risk of hyperkalemia (6.3 events per 100 person-years, vs. 2.6 events per 100 person-years with monotherapy; P<0.001) and acute kidney injury (12.2 vs. 6.7 events per 100 person-years, P<0.001). Conclusions Combination therapy with an ACE inhibitor and an ARB was associated with an increased risk of adverse events among patients with diabetic nephropathy. (Funded by the Cooperative Studies Program of the Department of Veterans Affairs Office of Research and Development; VA NEPHRON-D ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00555217.).",
"An improvement in left ventricular systolic function, exercise capacity and QOL and a reduction of depressive symptoms were observed in patients who took part in a program of early comprehensive cardiac rehabilitation after ICD implantation. No complications or side effects during rehabilitation sessions or exercise tests were observed in the study group.",
"MDCT may detect a PFO before pulmonary isolation. However, presence of AF may lead to artifacts on MDCT impeding a meaningful analysis. Furthermore, in this study sensitivity and positive predictive value of MDCT were low and therefore MDCT was not a reliable screening tool for detection of PFO.",
"In a quarter of the AF patients, amiodarone causes superior SAN dysfunction, which results in a downward shift of the EAS and reduced P-wave amplitude in leads II, III and aVF at baseline and during isoproterenol infusion.",
"Features of our previous study and results of the present trial may be helpful in defining indications for bone marrow transplantation in children with sickle cell disease.",
"One in 5 patients presenting to a primary care clinic for a methicillin-resistant S. aureus SSTI will likely require additional interventions at an associated cost of almost $2,000 per patient. Baseline risk stratification and new treatment approaches are needed to reduce treatment failures and costs in the primary care setting.",
"Because iron accumulation should cause shortening of both T2 and T2', although the lack of significance in observed T2' difference could be due to increased variance in T2' the measurement, these results suggest that a mechanism other than increased iron deposition may play a role in the genesis or pathophysiology of MOH.",
"In selected patients with severe heart failure, less-invasive valve surgery is a viable option, yielding at least equivalent efficiency, safety, and effectiveness to complete sternotomy. However, achieving these outcomes requires surgeons experienced in less-invasive surgery.",
"The treatment effect of ticagrelor among non-ST-segment-elevation acute coronary syndrome patients was consistently expressed across all baseline ST-segment depression strata. There was no indication of an anti-ischemic benefit of ticagrelor as reflected on the discharge ECG. Our data affirm the independent prognostic relationship of both baseline and hospital discharge ST-segment depression on outcomes within 1 year in non-ST-segment-elevation acute coronary syndrome patients.",
"Compared with warfarin, there was a significant decrease in ischemic stroke equivalents with both dabigatran doses: -0.92 per 100 patient years (95% confidence interval [CI]: -1.74 to -0.21, p = 0.02) with dabigatran 110 mg bid and -1.08 (95% CI: -1.86 to -0.34, p = 0.01) with dabigatran 150 mg bid. There was no significant difference in ischemic stroke equivalents between the 2 doses: -0.16 (95% CI: -0.80 to 0.43) comparing dabigatran 150 mg bid with 110 bid. When including death in the weighted benefit calculations, the results were similar.",
"Migraine attacks are common in the perimenstrual period (menstrually-related migraine, MRM) and can be particularly exacerbated by the cyclic suspension of oral contraceptives (oral contraceptive-induced menstrual migraine, OCMM). This cross-over, randomised study evaluated the efficacy and tolerability of rectal (25 mg) and oral (50 mg) sumatriptan in the treatment of 232 menstrual migraine attacks (135 MRM and 97 OCMM). Two hours after suppository administration, 72% of patients in the MRM group achieved pain relief and 24% were pain free; after tablet administration, the percentages were 66% and 27%, respectively. In the OCMM group 55% of patients improved at 2 h with suppositories and 46% with tablets, 27% of patients were pain-free after suppositories and 18% after tablets. Fifty percent of patients given suppositories were pain-free at 4 h post-treatment and 47% of those given tablets. Sumatriptan also effectively alleviated symptoms associated with migraine, such as nausea, vomiting and photo/phonophobia. A single dose of medication sufficed for pain relief without relapse in 47.4% of the attacks (MRM: 66%; OCMM: 33%). Both formulations were well tolerated.",
"Over one third of hospitalized patients older than 70 years have AF, which is generally relapsing and permanent. Heart failure is the commonest reason for hospitalization in these patients and about 40% have an associated disease.",
"BiA pacing in comparison to RAA pacing improves hemodynamic performance in patients with IAB and preserved atrio-ventricular conduction. BiA pacing is associated with reduction of ANP and markers of inflammation (hs-CRP, IL-6, and neopterin).",
"Travoprost monotherapy had a sustained hypotensive effect in NTG and achieved a reasonable or good response (>20% reduction in average IOP) in 32.9% of treated eyes. However, in the majority of eyes with NTG, travoprost monotherapy appeared unable to produce the desirable 30% reduction in average IOP.",
"Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) carries significant risks for coronary heart disease (CHD). We examined the potential US population impact of single and composite risk factor control. Among US adults with diagnosed T2DM aged≥30 years in the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey 2007 to 2012, we assessed CHD events preventable using the United Kingdom Prospective Diabetes Study CHD risk engine. We examined in all those not at goal the impact of statistical control of smoking, glycated hemoglobin, systolic blood pressure, and total and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, according to the predefined criteria setting risk factors at different levels of control representing (1) "All to Goal," (2) at "Nominal Control," or (3) at "Aggressive Control." Preventable CHD events represented the difference between the number of events estimated from the control of these risk factors versus current levels of the risk factors. Of 606 men (representing 6.2 million) and 603 women (6.3 million) with DM and no previous CHD, 1.3 million men and 0.7 million women would develop a CHD event within 10 years if left uncontrolled. Controlling all risk factors to goal was projected to prevent 35% and 45% of CHD events in men and women, respectively. Nominal risk factor control was projected to prevent 36% and 38% and aggressive control 51% and 61% of CHD events, respectively. In conclusion, a significant proportion of CHD events in adults with T2DM could be prevented from composite control of risk factors often not at goal.",
"Patients treated with DTFC and LTFC have a statistically similar ocular hypotensive effect.",
"Indirect causes were responsible for about one-fifth of severe maternal outcomes. Women with underlying indirect causes had significantly increased risks of severe maternal and perinatal outcomes.",
"The studied ICD lead with a floating atrial sensing dipole met the predefined safety expectation and demonstrated appropriate atrial sensing performance.",
"Levels of ectopic fat and the adverse adipokine profile increase on a continuum of BMI, suggesting that the metabolically benign phenotype may be a transient state.",
"There were no advantages of VATS over TAMT for management of recurrent, persistent, or contralateral spontaneous pneumothorax in regard to the operating time, the amount of analgesics used on the first postoperative day, the duration of the indwelling chest tube, and the number of postoperative recurrences in patients with apical bullae.",
"Within-attack disutilities estimated for migraine in this study are much greater than those reported for migraine when evaluated as a chronic health condition (e.g., valuations collected at random time points). These data can be of value in adapting results from clinical trials of migraine interventions to cost-utility policy analyses.",
"Elderly patients with diabetes and peripheral neuropathy are more likely to experience falls. However, the information available on how such falls can be prevented is scarce. We investigated the effects of whole-body vibration (WBV) combined with a balance exercise program on balance, muscle strength, and glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) in elderly patients with diabetic peripheral neuropathy. Fifty-five elderly patients with diabetic neuropathy were randomly assigned to WBV with balance exercise group, balance exercise (BE) group, and control group. The WBV and BE groups performed the balance exercise program for 60 min per day, 2 times per week, for 6 weeks. Further, the WBV group performed WBV training (up to 3 × 3 min, 3 times per week, for 6 weeks). The control group did not participate in any training. The main outcome measures were assessed at baseline and after 6 weeks of training; namely, we assessed the postural sway and one leg stance (OLS) for static balance; Berg balance scale (BBS), timed up-and-go (TUG) test, and functional reach test (FRT) for dynamic balance; five-times-sit-to-stand (FTSTS) test for muscle strength; and HbA1c for predicting the progression of diabetes. Significant improvements were noted in the static balance, dynamic balance, muscle strength, and HbA1c in the WBV group, compared to the BE and control groups (P < 0.05). Thus, in combination with the balance exercise program, the short-term WBV therapy is beneficial in improving balance, muscle strength and HbA1c, in elderly patients with diabetic neuropathy who are at high risk for suffering falls.",
"Thalidomide shows superiority to sodium butyrate as a hypomethylating agent in this cell culture study, and it has the potential to become conventional treatment for sickle cell disease and β-thalassemia.",
"A higher dose of 1×10(8)PFU of MVA85A is well-tolerated, increases the frequency of IFN-γ secreting T cells detected following immunisation and broadens the range of Ag85A epitopes detected.",
"Results of the present study revealed that ZeroFly® plastic sheeting is highly effective in reducing the indoor resting density of mosquitoes, man -vector contact and malaria incidences in labour populations living in temporary shelters.",
"Noteworthy aspects of this trial design include its efficient sample size supported by a computer simulation study to evaluate statistical power, meticulous attention to complex ethical issues in a cross-cultural setting, and innovative strategies for safety monitoring and blinding to treatment allocation in a resource-constrained setting in sub-Saharan Africa.",
"Intermittent treatment with SP did not reduce the proportion of previously anaemic children with moderate or severe anaemia at the end of the malaria season, although it prevented malaria. The combination of appropriate antimalarial treatment plus one month of iron supplementation and good access to healthcare during follow-up proved effective in restoring haemoglobin to an acceptable level in the Gambian setting.",
"We investigated the population pharmacokinetics and pharmacogenetics of efavirenz in 307 patients coinfected with human immunodeficiency virus and tuberculosis and included in the Cambodian Early vs Late Initiation of Antiretrovirals trial (CAMELIA) in Cambodia. Efavirenz (600 mg/d) and stavudine plus lamivudine were administered in addition to standard antituberculosis treatment, including rifampicin and isoniazid. Blood samples were obtained a mean of 14 hours after efavirenz intake at weeks 2 and 6 after initiation of efavirenz and weeks 22 (efavirenz plus antituberculosis drugs) and 50 (efavirenz alone) after initiation of antituberculosis treatment. Ten patients participated in an extensive pharmacokinetic study after week 50. CYP2B6 G516T and C485-18T polymorphisms were the most significant covariates, with weight showing a significant minor effect. Change in efavirenz apparent clearance in patients taking both efavirenz and antituberculosis treatment was highly dependent on NAT2 polymorphism, as a possible surrogate of isoniazid exposure. Patients carrying the CYP2B6 516 TT genotype and slow-acetylation NAT2 phenotype had the lowest efavirenz apparent clearance. These data suggest that the inducing effect of rifampicin is counterbalanced by a concentration-dependant inhibitory effect of isoniazid on efavirenz clearance.",
"Proportional elevations in minimum LV and pre-A pressures, due to deteriorated LV relaxation, resulted in no changes in the pressure gradient between the LA and LV in early diastole, E, or E/A.  ",
"Records of 73 patients with medullary thyroid cancer were reviewed to assess prognostic factors and the role of external beam radiation therapy. Patients were treated between 1954 and 1992. The median age was 49 years (range 15-85), M:F ratio 1.6:1, and the median follow-up was 7.9 years. (2.5-34.6). The primary tumor size was < 1 cm in 10%, 1-4 cm in 53%, and > 4 cm in 37%. Multifocality was noted in 32%, and 23% had metastasis at presentation. Eight patients presented with inoperable tumors, 40% had gross, and 37% microscopic residual disease postthyroidectomy. Extraglandular extension was present in 56%, and 74% had pathologically involved lymph nodes. Treatment was by total or near total thyroidectomy in 41 patients; 37 had a lymph node dissection. Forty-six patients were irradiated, the dose of radiation ranging from 20 to 75.5 Gy; median was 40 Gy, treatment time median was 28 days and the median number of fractions was 20. The overall cause specific survival (CSS) was 70% and 57% at 5 and 10 years, respectively. In a univariate analysis, the following factors predicted for lower CSS: age as a continuous variable (p = 0.003), male gender (p = 0.008), presence of distant metastasis (p < 0.0001), lymph node involvement (p = 0.03), gross residual disease (p < 0.0001), tumor size > 4 cm (p = 0.05), extraglandular invasion (p < 0.004), vascular invasion (p = 0.007), diarrhea (p < .0007), and abnormal postoperative calcitonin (p = 0.02). On multivariate analysis only two factors were significant: the presence of extraglandular invasion, and postoperative gross residual disease. There was no difference in local/regional relapse free rate between patients receiving external radiation and those that did not, but in 40 high risk patients (microscopic residual disease, extraglandular invasion, or lymph node involvement), the local/regional relapse free rate was 86% at 10 years with postoperative external beam radiation (25 patients), and 52% for those with no postoperative external radiation (p = 0.049). To optimize local/regional tumor control, we therefore continue to advise external beam radiation in patients at high risk of local/regional relapse.",
"Using a novel stereological-based ultrasound technique we have demonstrated the reliability of this application in the placenta. This technique shows promise for non-invasive assessment of placental function: further studies are required to identify if structural changes in a diabetic placenta are accompanied by altered function, manifest as reduced perfusion demonstrable in-vivo.",
"Composite efficacy-plus-tolerability endpoints may be useful for facilitating comparisons between treatments.",
"The addition of combined β blocker plus behavioural migraine management, but not the addition of β blocker alone or behavioural migraine management alone, improved outcomes of optimised acute treatment. Combined β blocker treatment and behavioural migraine management may improve outcomes in the treatment of frequent migraine.",
"Clinical malaria incidence was determined over 18 months in a cohort of 553 children living in a peri-urban area near Cotonou. Three cross-sectional surveys were also carried out. Malaria incidence showed a marked seasonal distribution with two peaks: the first corresponding to the long rainy season, and the second corresponding to the overflowing of Lake Nokoue. The overall Plasmodium falciparum incidence rate was estimated at 84/1,000 person-months, and its prevalence was estimated at over 40% in the two first surveys and 68.9% in the third survey. Multivariate analysis showed that girls and people living in closed houses had a lower risk of clinical malaria. Bed net use was associated with a lower risk of malaria infection. Conversely, children of families owing a pirogue were at higher risk of clinical malaria. Considering the high pyrethroids resistance, indoor residual spraying with either a carbamate or an organophospate insecticide may have a major impact on the malaria burden.",
"Minimally invasive AVR using RT was associated with lower postoperative morbidities and a shorter hospital stay than MS.",
"null",
"Patients with single-coil ICD leads have slightly higher DFTs compared to those with dual-coil leads, but the efficacy, safety, and clinical impact on atrial tachyarrhythmias, and mortality is similar. Implantation of single-coil ICD leads may be favorable in most patients.",
"All age and diagnosis subgroups showed clinically relevant (>20%) mean IOP reduction at week 12 with latanoprost monotherapy.",
"IPT of malaria provides substantial protection against malaria in children who sleep under an ITN. There is now strong evidence to support the integration of IPTc into malaria control strategies in areas of seasonal malaria transmission.",
"This randomised study was designed to compare clinical outcomes for simple aspiration versus tube thoracostomy, in the treatment of the first primary spontaneous pneumothorax (PSP) attack. A randomised trial, comparing simple aspiration with tube thoracostomy, in 137 patients with a first episode of PSP was carried out. Immediate success was obtained in 40 out of the 65 patients (62%) randomly assigned to undergo simple aspiration and in 49 out of the 72 patients (68%) who had been randomly assigned to undergo tube thoracostomy. The 1-week success rates were: 58 (89%) patients in the intention-to-treat simple aspiration group and 63 (88%) patients in the tube thoracostomy group. In the aspiration group, there were more recurrences during the 3-month follow-up period (15 versus 8%), though the difference was not significant. Recurrence rates at 1 and 2 yrs were 16 (22%) and 20 (31%) for patients who had undergone simple aspiration, respectively, and 17 (24%) and 18 (25%) for patients who had undergone tube thoracostomies, respectively. Complications occurred in 5 (7%) patients who had undergone a tube thoracostomy and 1 (2%) patient who had undergone simple aspiration. Analgesia was required in 22 (34%) patients of the simple aspiration group versus 40 (56%) patients of the tube thoracostomy group. These findings suggest that simple aspiration could be an acceptable alternative to tube thoracostomy in the treatment of primary spontaneous pneumothorax.",
"A wide variation exists in international normalized ratio control, as measured by TTR, between clinical centers and between countries, which has a major impact on the treatment benefit of OAC therapy. For centers and countries, a target threshold TTR exists (estimated between 58% and 65%) below which there appears to be little benefit of OAC over antiplatelet therapy.",
"Conversion from AF to sinus rhythm within the first 90 min (primary end point) was achieved in 60 of 116 (51.7%) vernakalant patients compared with 6 of 116 (5.2%) amiodarone patients (p < 0.0001). Vernakalant resulted in rapid conversion (median time of 11 min in responders) and was associated with a higher rate of symptom relief compared with amiodarone (53.4% of vernakalant patients reported no AF symptoms at 90 min compared with 32.8% of amiodarone patients; p = 0.0012). Serious adverse events or events leading to discontinuation of study drug were uncommon. There were no cases of torsades de pointes, ventricular fibrillation, or polymorphic or sustained ventricular tachycardia.",
"This study shows that mitral PPM is associated with the persistence of fTR and PH following MVR. These findings support the realization of tricuspid valve annuloplasty when PPM is anticipated at the time of operation.",
"In this series, implantation of two trabecular micro-bypass second generation stents in subjects with OAG resulted in IOP and medication reduction and favorable safety outcomes.",
"This first comprehensive combined Australia and New Zealand audit of ACS care identified variations in the application of the ACS evidence base and varying rates of inhospital clinical events. A focus on integrated clinical service delivery may provide greater translation of evidence to practice and improve ACS outcomes in Australia and New Zealand.",
"We report a prospective, randomized, Phase II study of deferasirox and deferoxamine (DFO) in sickle cell disease patients with transfusional iron overload, with all patients continuing on deferasirox after 24 weeks, for up to 2 years. The primary objective was to evaluate deferasirox safety compared with DFO; long-term efficacy and safety of deferasirox was also assessed. We also report, for the first time, the safety and pharmacokinetics of deferasirox in patients concomitantly receiving hydroxyurea. Deferasirox (n = 135) and DFO (n = 68) had comparable safety profiles over 24 weeks. Adverse events (AEs) secondary to drug administration were reported in 26.7% of patients in the deferasirox cohort and 28.6% in the DFO cohort. Gastrointestinal disorders were more common with deferasirox, including diarrhea (10.4% versus 3.6%) and nausea (5.2% versus 3.6%). The most common AE in the DFO group was injection-site pain irritation, which occurred in 7% of patients. Acute renal failure occurred in one patient on deferasirox who was continued on medication despite progressive impairment of renal function parameters. Serum ferritin levels were reduced in both treatment groups. Patients continuing on deferasirox for up to 2 years demonstrated an absolute median serum ferritin decrease of -614 ng/mL (n = 96). Increasing deferasirox dose was associated with improved response and a continued manageable safety profile. Concomitant hydroxyurea administration (n = 28) did not appear to influence the efficacy, safety (including liver and kidney function), and pharmacokinetic parameters of deferasirox.",
"Confirming its popular use, the treatment with Campomanesia xanthocarpa encapsulated reduced blood TC and LDL levels in hypercholesterolemic patients.",
"The RTS,S/AS02(D) malaria vaccine administered to young infants has a good safety profile and remains efficacious over 14 months. A strong association between anti-CS antibodies and risk of clinical malaria has been described for the first time. The results also suggest a decrease of both anti-CS antibodies and vaccine efficacy over time.",
"Adverse AP properties at baseline were exhibited by 37.6% of the evaluated patients with an asymptomatic Wolff-Parkinson-White preexcitation persisting at peak exercise. Isoproterenol challenge yielded additional 36.4% of those tested at higher risk. Ablation was performed in a total of 69.4% of patients subjected to invasive risk stratification.",
"Split drug regimen has the same cure rate of treatment as single daily regimen and same adverse drug reactions.",
"Application of the CCM approach to HIV care in a marginalized, largely aboriginal patient population led to improved disease screening, immunization, ART uptake, and virologic suppression rates. In addition to addressing underlying social determinants of health, a paradigm shift away from an "infectious disease" approach to a "chronic disease management" approach to HIV care for marginalized populations is strongly recommended.",
"IOP reduction was similar in both arms after 9 to 12-months follow-up. More treatment steps were necessary to maintain target IOP in the medication group, although there was not a statistically significant difference between groups. These results support the option of SLT as a safe and effective initial therapy in open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.",
"Assessment of us-copeptin combined with hs-cTnT on ED admission could allow safe and early rule out of NSTEMI for patients with negative results on both markers and help identify patients who may be suitable for discharge.",
"There is local variation in both the choice of injectable agent and in ototoxicity screening practices. Long-term morbidity from injectable treatment is significant even in this well-resourced setting, and the data suggest capreomycin might be associated with less ototoxicity when compared with amikacin. There is a need for more high-quality clinical data to inform future guidelines for treatment and monitoring.",
"There is a need to improve the control of CV risk factors in secondary prevention patients. This is particularly crucial for patients with CVD.",
"The authors emphasize that this treatment based on an analogue basal insulin should be considered as an effective and safe therapy.",
"This study demonstrated that CYP3A4 inhibition had little to no effect on DHE PK after MAP0004 administration, apparently because of its high systemic and low gastrointestinal bioavailability. CYP3A4 inhibition slowed elimination of the metabolite 8'-OH-DHE, but concentrations were too low to be pharmacologically relevant.",
"Subtle clinical cerebellar alterations have been found in migraine. Moreover, abnormalities in visual and motor cortex excitability consistent with a lack of inhibitory efficiency have been described in migraine, and it is known that cerebellum exerts an inhibitory control on cerebral cortex. Here, we investigated if impairment of cerebellar activity on motor cortex, i.e. reduced inhibitory control, can be found in migraine. Ten migraineurs with aura and seven healthy controls underwent a transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) protocol to investigate the cerebellar inhibitory drive on motor cortex: a conditioning pulse on right cerebellar cortex was delivered 5, 7, 10, 15 ms before a test stimulus (TS) on contralateral motor cortex. The cerebellar conditioning stimulus inhibits the size of the motor-evoked potential (MEP) produced by the TS alone by approximately 30-50%. Amplitude of MEP to TS alone showed no significant difference between patients and controls. Cerebellar conditioning TMS showed a significant deficit of cerebellar inhibition in migraine patients as compared to controls at all interstimulus intervals (5-15 ms) tested. Cerebellar inhibition is reduced in migraineurs. This could account, at least in part, for the reduced inhibitory efficiency previously showed in cerebral cortex of these patients.",
"A strategy of emergent PCI preceded by fibrinolysis with prouk results in a better myocardial perfusion in infarct-related artery compared with primary PCI alone in patients with STEMI and long PCI-related delay.",
"The point estimate of the effect of IPTi on malaria is consistent with that from a large pooled analysis of randomized control trials. As such, it is plausible that the difference seen in health centre data is due to IPTi, even thought the effect did not reach statistical significance. Findings draw attention to the challenges of robust inference of effects of interventions based on routine health centre data. Analysis of routine health information can reassure that interventions are being made available and having desired effects, but unanticipated effects should trigger data collection from representative samples of the target population.",
"In patients treated with other hypotensive medications or untreated, the IOP reduction with travoprost was significant. The results of this study demonstrated the potential benefit of using travoprost as a replacement therapy in order to ensure adequate IOP control. Travoprost administered once daily was safe and well tolerated in patients with glaucoma or ocular hypertension.",
"GlaxoSmithKline, Medicines for Malaria Venture.",
"An automated cell-processing machine will play important roles in cell therapy and have widespread use from application in multicenter trials to provision of off-the-shelf cell products.",
"The TST and QFT-GIT assays showed poor correlation in close contacts of patients with MDR-TB, especially those contacts who had received BCG vaccination.",
"Brugada syndrome (BrS) is an inherited arrhythmogenic syndrome leading to sudden cardiac death, partially associated with autosomal dominant mutations in SCN5A, which encodes the cardiac sodium channel alpha-subunit (Nav1.5). To date some SCN5A mutations related with BrS have been identified in voltage sensor of Nav1.5. Here, we describe a dominant missense mutation (R1629Q) localized in the fourth segment of domain IV region (DIV-S4) in a Chinese Han family. The mutation was identified by direct sequencing of SCN5A from the proband's DNA. Co-expression of Wild-type (WT) or R1629Q Nav1.5 channel and hβ1 subunit were achieved in human embryonic kidney cells by transient transfection. Sodium currents were recorded using whole cell patch-clamp protocols. No significant changes between WT and R1629Q currents were observed in current density or steady-state activation. However, hyperpolarized shift of steady-state inactivation curve was identified in cells expressing R1629Q channel (WT: V1/2 = -81.1 ± 1.3 mV, n = 13; R1629Q: V1/2 = -101.7 ± 1.2 mV, n = 18). Moreover, R1629Q channel showed enhanced intermediate inactivation and prolonged recovery time from inactivation. In summary, this study reveals that R1629Q mutation causes a distinct loss-of-function of the channel due to alter its electrophysiological characteristics, and facilitates our understanding of biophysical mechanisms of BrS.",
"iNO was successfully administered during CMR acquisition and appears to reduce regurgitant fraction in patients with at least moderate PI suggesting a potential role for selective pulmonary vasodilator therapy in these patients.",
"In this long-term open-label study of adolescents with migraine, the safety and tolerability profile of divalproex sodium extended-release was consistent with findings from previous trials in adults, as well as 2 studies recently completed in adolescents. In general, divalproex sodium extended-release was well-tolerated in adolescents with migraine.",
"IPT-SP decreases the rate of placental malaria parasitaemia and has a strong dose effect. Despite relatively successful IPT-SP coverage in Côte d'Ivoire, substantial commitments from national authorities are urgently required for such public health campaigns. Strategies, such as providing IPT-SP free of charge and directly observing treatment, should be implemented to increase the use of IPT-SP as well as other prophylactic methods.",
"Glyceryl trinitrate (GTN) is a pro-drug dissociating nitric oxide throughout the body. It dilates cephalic arteries without increasing cerebral blood flow (CBF). GTN induces headache in healthy volunteers and migraine attacks in migraineurs. Acetazolamide (Az) increases CBF but does not dilate cerebral arteries. The hypothesis tested here was that Az, by dilating cerebral arterioles but not arteries and thereby decreasing pulsatile stretching of the wall of the large arteries and their perivascular sensory nerves, would reduce or prevent the GTN-induced headache We tested this hypothesis in 14 healthy volunteers. In a randomized, double-blind, cross-over study, they were pretreated with Az or placebo followed on both study days by a GTN infusion of 0.5 microg kg(-1) min(-1) for 20 min. Headache was scored on a verbal rating scale and a headache diary was kept for 12 h. Mean blood velocity of the middle cerebral artery was measured (transcranial Doppler). Our hypothesis was disproved, as Az did not decrease GTN-induced headache. Unexpectedly but interestingly, GTN combined with Az induced more delayed headache than GTN alone. Furthermore, a migraine-like headache was observed in three volunteers, who did not develop migraine after GTN alone. The fact that a suitable pharmacological intervention may trigger migraine in individuals with no prior migraine may suggest that the ability to develop migraine without aura is a quantitative genetic trait.",
"The presence of PapMI is associated with decreased myocardial salvage, larger infarcts, and more pronounced reperfusion injury with subsequent significantly increased major adverse cardiac event rates. Consequently, our data underscore the importance of PapMI as a marker of poor outcome in patients with ST-segment-elevation myocardial infarction.",
"Malaria immunity is modulated by many environmental and epidemiological factors. This study evaluates the influence of a hitherto unstudied environmental-epidemiological factor, namely the impact of human exposure to Anopheles bites on the isotype profile of acquired antibody responses to Plasmodium falciparum. In two Senegalese villages where the intensity of exposure to Anopheles bites was markedly different (high and low exposure), specific IgG1 and IgG3 responses to P. falciparum whole schizont extract (WSE) and circumsporozoite protein (CSP) were evaluated at the peak of Anopheles exposure (September) and later (December) in a cohort of 120 children aged 3-8 years. Multivariate analysis showed a significantly lower IgG1 response against P. falciparum WSE and CSP in children highly exposed to Anopheles bites (Gankette) compared to those who were weakly exposed (Mboula). In contrast, in both villages, parasitemia and increasing age were strongly associated with higher IgG1 and IgG3 levels. We hypothesize that high exposure to Anopheles bites could inhibit IgG1-dependent responsiveness to P. falciparum known to induce protective immune responses against malaria. The impact of mosquito saliva on the regulation of specific protective immunity may need to be taken into account in epidemiological studies and trials for malaria vaccines.",
"Elevation of saliva CGRP is predictive of responsiveness to rizatriptan. In the rizatriptan responsive population, CGRP levels are elevated beginning with the premonitory period and throughout mild and moderate/severe headache. Successful response to rizatriptan correlated with return of saliva CGRP levels to near baseline (interictal) values.",
"This nationwide retrospective cohort study indicates that AMI risk increased by 38% in RA patients compared to the general population. Comorbidities increase the AMI risk independently.",
"PNT is less effective than ALT in POAG uncontrolled with two topical therapies.",
"The baseline prevalence of tuberculous infection was substantially higher in contacts of INH-resistant than INH-susceptible patients, but the incidence of tuberculous disease over a 15-year follow-up was similar in the two series, and twice as high as in non-contacts.",
"We evaluated the effectiveness of an educational brochure explaining proper sputum collection techniques for tuberculosis (TB) diagnosis. Patients with suspected pulmonary TB (PTB) were randomly assigned to either the brochure-using group or the non-using group. No significant difference in positive TB culture rates was observed between the brochure-using and non-using groups (33.1% vs. 35.6%, P = 0.690). The proportions of acceptable specimen samples for bacterial pneumonia were also similar between the two groups (37.1% vs. 35.6%). An educational brochure provided by the attending physician explaining an acceptable specimen collection method for TB testing did not result in a higher detection rate of PTB.",
"On occasion, blood pressure rises so precipitously and severily, or the clinical setting in which hypertension occurs is so critical, that prompt pressure lowering becomes crucial to prevent disabling, or even lethal complications. Such hypertensive emergencies more commonly complicate the accelerated phase of untreated or poorly treated hypertension of various etiologies. There is also a group of conditions that qualify as hypertensive emergencies not so much because of the actual height of the pressure, but rather because of complicating disorders that make even moderate pressure elevation harmful. These include aortic dissection, intracranial bleeding and acute left ventricular failure. Two fundamental concepts in the management of hypertensive emergencies are: immediate and effective therapy is required and takes precedence over time-consuming diagnostic procedures; the choice of the drugs will depend on how their time course of action and hemodynamic and metabolic effects meet the needs of the clinical situation. It is well proven that nifedipine reduces Ca-dependent vascular smooth muscle tone by direct interference with transmembrane Ca supply and thereby counteracts every kind of contractile tension development of the vascular wall: the higher the wall tension, the easier relaxation in induced by a given concentration of the compound. Because of this, it has become quite clear from recent studies that: nifedipine is a potent antihypertensive agent.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)",
"Technological developments have led to new applications for VATS as well as improved outcome for the most common, well established indications. It is advisable to continue to perform prospective, randomized, controlled trials to validate techniques for which little experience has accumulated.",
"This study aimed to evaluate the effect of milk fermented with Lactobacillus acidophilus 145 and Bifidobacterium longum BB536 on plasma lipids in a sample of adult women. A double-blind, placebo controlled, cross-over study (two periods of four weeks each separated by a 1-week washout period) was performed in 34 women, aged between 18 and 65 years. Group A consumed 125 g fermented milk three times a day for the first 4 weeks while group B consumed regular yoghurt under the same conditions. (Groups A and B switched products for the second treatment period). Women taking the test product with a baseline total cholesterol above 190 mg/dl showed a significant reduction in LDL cholesterol. HDL cholesterol was also reduced by the test product. We conclude that the fermented milk may help to reduce LDL levels in hypercholesterolemic adult women.",
"Acute myocardial infarction was the adjudicated final diagnosis in 143 women (18.0%) and 369 men (22.0%). Although most CPCs were reported with similar frequency in women and men, several CPCs were reported more frequently in women (P < .05). The accuracy of most CPCs in the diagnosis of AMI was low in women and men, with likelihood ratios close to 1. Thirty-one of 34 CPCs (91.2%) showed similar likelihood ratios for the diagnosis of AMI in women and men, and only 3 CPCs (8.8%) seemed to have a sex-specific diagnostic performance with P < .05 for interaction. These CPCs were related to pain duration (2-30 and >30 minutes) and dynamics (decreasing pain intensity). However, because their likelihood ratios were close to 1, the 3 CPCs did not seem clinically helpful. Similar results were obtained when examining combinations of CPCs (all interactions, P ≥ .05).",
"At baseline, the median CD4+ T-cell count was 150 per cubic millimeter, and the median viral load was 161,000 copies per milliliter, with no significant differences between the two groups. The incidence rate of the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS) or death was 6.9 cases per 100 person-years in the earlier-ART group (18 cases) as compared with 7.8 per 100 person-years in the later-ART group (19 cases) (incidence-rate ratio, 0.89; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.44 to 1.79; P=0.73). However, among patients with CD4+ T-cell counts of less than 50 per cubic millimeter, the incidence rates of AIDS or death were 8.5 and 26.3 cases per 100 person-years, respectively (incidence-rate ratio, 0.32; 95% CI, 0.07 to 1.13; P=0.06). The incidence rates of the immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome (IRIS) were 20.1 and 7.7 cases per 100 person-years, respectively (incidence-rate ratio, 2.62; 95% CI, 1.48 to 4.82; P<0.001). Adverse events requiring a switching of antiretroviral drugs occurred in 10 patients in the earlier-ART group and 1 patient in the later-ART group (P=0.006).",
"There are significant differences in contemporary patterns of care across varying risk profiles of mortality and major bleeding. Despite practice patterns which seem to emphasize avoiding harm with reduced use of antithrombotic therapy, patients at high risk for major bleeding continue to receive excess doses of antithrombotic therapy. Additional performance improvement efforts are needed to optimize outcomes in NSTEMI patients with high risk for both bleeding and mortality.",
"This study demonstrates that AS + SMP FDC given as three doses over 24 hours (12-hour intervals) has similar efficacy as AS + AQ FDC given as three doses over 48 hours (24-hour interval) for the treatment of uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria in children in Nigeria. Both drugs also proved to be safe. Therefore, AS + SMP could be an alternative to currently recommended first-line ACT with continuous resistance surveillance.",
"null",
"Women with acute heart failure present with a clinical profile different from that of men, with more hypertension, diabetes, and depression, and a preserved LVEF. During hospitalization, they were less intensively diuresed. Nevertheless, risk-adjusted 180-day outcome was similar between sexes.",
"Boston Scientific, Medtronic.",
"Norepinephrine (NE) and epinephrine (E) are metabolized extraneuronally by catechol-O-methyl-transferase to the metanephrines (MNs), normetanephrine (NMN) and metanephrine (MN). Subjects in this study received infusions of tritium-labeled NE and E. Concentrations of MNs and catecholamines were measured in plasma flowing into and out of the heart, forearm, lungs, kidneys, mesenteric organs (gastrointestinal tract, spleen, and pancreas), liver, and adrenals to examine the regional production of MNs from circulating and locally released catecholamines. NE spillover from mesenteric organs and kidneys accounted for 64% of the spillover from all tissues. There was detectable spillover of E from most extraadrenal tissues, but 91% was from the adrenals. The production of MNs from locally released and circulating catecholamines varied widely among tissues. The liver made the largest contribution to removal of circulating NE (57%) and E (32%) and the largest contribution to the production of NMN (54%) and MN (37%) from metabolism of circulating catecholamines. In all other tissues more NMN was produced from locally released than from circulating NE. Thus, the metabolism of circulating NE was responsible for only 19% of the total production of NMN. An even smaller portion (6%) of plasma MN was derived from metabolism of circulating E. Most plasma MN (91%) was produced within the adrenals, which also provided the largest single source (23%) of NMN. The regional variation in extraneuronal production of MNs indicates considerable heterogeneity in how circulating and locally released catecholamines are handled by different tissues. The substantial contribution of the adrenals to the production of MNs explains the extraordinary sensitivity of these metabolites for the diagnosis of pheochromocytoma.",
"Plugging of biopsy tracks with ABCS, particularly after biopsy of deep lung lesions, significantly reduced the frequency of pneumothorax-particularly of large pneumothoraces-and, therefore, the need for treatment and the attendant cost.",
"Although any conclusions from this investigation necessarily are limited because of our study's open-label nonrandomized design, these results suggest that TPM and DVP are reasonably effective and generally well tolerated when used to treat a "real-world" population of episodic migraineurs who require prophylaxis.",
"A relative deficit of OLAB, and hence likely impaired clearance of oxLDL, is associated with the risk of arterial restenosis after primary angioplasty for acute STEMI.",
"The delivery of personal genomic risk through a trained health professional resulted in significantly higher comprehension. Therefore, if the online delivery of genomic test results is to become more widespread, further evaluation of this method of communication may be needed to ensure the effective presentation of results to promote comprehension.",
"In a randomized prospective open study the authors followed up the influence of latanoprost 0.005 % on the changes of the ciliary body thickness by means of ultrasound biomicroscopy. The study group consisted of 40 eyes of 24 patients with primary open angle glaucoma not treated with latanoprost before. At the entry visit and further after 2 and 8 weeks, according to the study protocol, a complex ophthalmologic examination was performed; especially anatomical relation between the cornea and the iris, configuration of the anterior chamber angle, and furthermore the best visual acuity for far and near, intraocular pressure measurement by means of applanation method, anterior chamber depth, and the pupil size. The thickness of the ciliary body was measured in the distance of 1,500 microm (T1), 2,000 microm (T2), and 2,500 microm (T3) from the scleral spur. A slight decrease of T1 comparing with the initial values was found: from 668 +/- 117 microm in the beginning, to 633 +/- 127 microm after two weeks, and 614 +/- 147 microm after eight weeks of treatment. In the case of T2 measurement, the situation is similar; the decrease of the values was smaller than in T1. The above-mentioned differences were not statistically significant. Practically no differences were found in the T3 measured values. The intraocular pressure during the follow-up decreased markedly - from 21.3 +/- 4.2 mm Hg to 18.8 +/-3.3 mm Hg (week 2) and 17.6 +/- 3.7 mm Hg (week 8). The average lowering of the intraocular pressure (IOP) by 2.5 mm Hg (i.e. by 11.7%) found between the initial values and values after two weeks of treatment was found as statistically significant (P-value = 0.0001) as well as the difference between the initial values and values after eight weeks of treatment. No statistical significant difference was found between IOP values measured after two and eight weeks of treatment. All other followed-up parameters (anterior chamber depth, size of the pupil, visual acuity, and external finding) remained during the eight weeks period unchanged. Our results are in the congruity with one of hypotheses of the latanoprost acting - compacting of the interstitium and following opening of the porosities among the muscles fibers bundles of the ciliary body cause the increase of the intraocular fluid outflow and marked decrease of the intraocular pressure. To explain the mechanisms affecting the ciliary body in detail, more studies are needed.",
"This article describes the pleural adhesion managements in the video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS). We have operated the VATS successfully and developed a new technique for management of diffuse cellulose symphysis. We used this technique in 3 patients for treatment of lung diseases. No death and no complications occurred. Comparing with control group, the chest tube drainage time and hospital stay are not significant difference.",
"Despite the limitations of an open-label design, our data suggest that pregabalin may be a useful alternative prophylaxis for chronic migraine. These promising results should be confirmed in randomized clinical trials.",
"Adherence to AL treatment for uncomplicated malaria was moderate, and children, who are the most likely to die of malaria, were less adherent than adults. Efforts to improve adherence should be focused on this vulnerable group. Interventions including the introduction of child-friendly antimalarial formulations, direct observation of the first dose, use of the AL package as a visual aid for instructions, and enhancing patient preference for AL could potentially increase AL adherence and overall effectiveness.",
"Pan-African Clinical Trials Registry: PACTR201102000277177 (www.pactr.org).",
"This is the first prospective multisite study to examine predictors of LTBI treatment acceptance in general clinic populations. Greater efforts should be made to increase acceptance among health care workers, those previously recommended for treatment and those who expect problems with LTBI medicines. Ensuring convenient clinic schedules and TB education to increase knowledge could be important for ensuring acceptance.",
"Although acute myocardial infarction (AMI) occurs primarily in the elderly, this disease also affects young adults. Few studies have, however, presented data on relatively young patients hospitalized with AMI. The objectives of this population-based study were to examine recent trends in the magnitude, clinical characteristics, management, and in-hospital and long-term outcomes associated with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) and non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) in patients aged 30 to 54 years. We reviewed the medical records of 955 residents of the Worcester (Massachusetts) metropolitan area aged 30 to 54 years who were hospitalized for an initial STEMI or NSTEMI in 6 biennial periods from 1999 to 2009 at 11 greater Worcester medical centers. From 1999 to 2009, the proportion of young adults hospitalized with an STEMI decreased from approximately 2/3 to 2/5 of all patients with an initial AMI. Patients with STEMI were less likely to have a history of heart failure, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and kidney disease than those with NSTEMI. Both groups received similar effective medical therapies during their acute hospitalization. In-hospital clinical complications and mortality were low and no significant differences in these end points were observed between patients with STEMI and NSTEMI or with regard to 1-year postdischarge death rates (1.9% vs 2.8%). The present results demonstrate recent decreases in the proportion of relatively young patients diagnosed with an initial STEMI. Patients with STEMI and NSTEMI had similar in-hospital outcomes and long-term survival. Trends in these and other important outcomes warrant continued monitoring.",
"This study has evaluated whether candesartans prevent the recurrence of atrial fibrillation (AF) and decrease type III procollagen-N-peptide (PIIINP) levels. A total of 153 patients with AF were enrolled in this study. Three groups of patients were compared; candesartan group was treated with candesartan plus bepridil (n = 52); and carvedilol group with carvedilol plus bepridil (n = 51); and bepridil group with bepridil alone (n = 50). The primary end point was length of time to the recurrence of AF and all patients were ultimately followed-up for 730 days. Serum levels of the biomarkers were measured at baseline and after 24 months. Maintenance of sinus rhythm was achieved in 25 (50%) patients in bepridil group, 37 (73%) in candesartan group, and 34 (67%) in carvedilol group, giving a bepridil group/candesartan group hazard ratio of 0.36 (95% confidence interval 0.21-0.63; P = 0.03). Candesartan significantly decreased PIIINP levels at 24 months than at baseline in sinus rhythm group (0.57 +/- 0.02 vs. 0.64 +/- 0.05 U/mL, P = 0.04) and did not decrease PIIINP levels in the recurrence group. In conclusions, PIIINP might be related to the possibility of the atrial fibrosis for AF. However, further studies are needed to clarify the relationship between PIIINP and AF.",
"In this EDGE subgroup of Belgian patients with type 2 diabetes who do not achieve the glycemic targets with monotherapy, a similar trend as in the global EDGE study was observed. Adding vildagliptin as a second oral glucose-lowering agent resulted in lowering HbA1c to <7% without weight gain, hypoglycemia or peripheral oedema in a higher proportion of patients than comparator oral antidiabetic drugs, with no differences in the reported number of adverse events.",
"HIV-associated tuberculous meningitis (TBM) has high mortality. Aside from the devastating impact of multidrug resistance (MDR) on survival, little is understood about the influence of other bacterial factors on outcome. This study examined the influence of Mycobacterium tuberculosis drug resistance, bacterial lineage, and host vaccination status on outcome in patients with HIV-associated TBM. Mycobacterium tuberculosis isolates from the cerebrospinal fluid of 186 patients enrolled in two studies of HIV-associated TBM in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam, were tested for resistance to first-line antituberculosis drugs. Lineage genotyping was available for 122 patients. The influence of antituberculosis drug resistance and M. tuberculosis lineage on 9-month mortality was analyzed using Kaplan-Meier survival analysis and Cox multiple regression models. Isoniazid (INH) resistance without rifampin resistance was associated with increased mortality (adjusted hazard ratio [HR], 1.78, 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.18 to 2.66; P = 0.005), and multidrug resistance was uniformly fatal (n = 8/8; adjusted HR, 5.21, 95% CI, 2.38 to 11.42; P < 0.0001). The hazard ratio for INH-resistant cases was greatest during the continuation phase of treatment (after 3 months; HR, 5.05 [95% CI, 2.23 to 11.44]; P = 0.0001). Among drug-susceptible cases, patients infected with the "modern" Beijing lineage strains had lower mortality than patients infected with the "ancient" Indo-Oceanic lineage (HR, 0.29 [95% CI, 0.14 to 0.61]; P = 0.001). Isoniazid resistance, multidrug resistance, and M. tuberculosis lineage are important determinants of mortality in patients with HIV-associated TBM. Interventions which target these factors may help reduce the unacceptably high mortality in patients with TBM.",
"P wave duration and PWD are found to be prolonged in hyperthyroid patients with GD. Both propylthiouracil and methimazole reduce the P wave duration and dispersion. Thus, we can conclude that improvements in atrial conduction properties are not associated with the type of ATD but with only achievement of euthyroidism.",
"In experimental studies, mesenchymal stem cell (MSC) transplantation in acute myocardial infarction (AMI) models has been associated with enhanced neovascularization and myogenesis. Clinical data however, are scarce. Therefore, the present study evaluates the safety and feasibility of intramyocardial MSC injection in nine patients, shortly after AMI during short-term and 5-year follow-up. Periprocedural safety analysis demonstrated one transient ischemic attack. No other adverse events related to MSC treatment were observed during 5-year follow-up. Clinical events were compared to a nonrandomized control group comprising 45 matched controls. A 5-year event-free survival after MSC-treatment was comparable to controls (89 vs. 91 %, P = 0.87). Echocardiographic imaging for evaluation of left ventricular function demonstrated improvements up to 5 years after MSC treatment. These findings were not significantly different when compared to controls. The present safety and feasibility study suggest that intramyocardial injection of MSC in patients shortly after AMI is feasible and safe up to 5-year follow-up.",
"In patients with AF, renal impairment was associated with increased risk of cardiovascular events and bleeding. When compared with warfarin, apixaban treatment reduced the rate of stroke, death, and major bleeding, regardless of renal function. Patients with impaired renal function seemed to have the greatest reduction in major bleeding with apixaban.",
"This study has demonstrated that supportive supervision is a feasible and practicable tool in improving knowledge and practice of malaria case management among PHC workers.",
"The present study has demonstrated that for the acute management of migraine without aura sublingual piroxicam showed significant analgesic effect with excellent tolerability.",
"On the basis of regular antituberculous therapy, moxibustion apparatus could significantly improve clinical effect, promote focal absorption and boost immunity, which is considered as an adjuvant treatment for PT.",
"Prevalence and prognostic value of conduction disturbances in patients with the Brugada syndrome (BrS) remains poorly known. Electrocardiograms (ECGs) from 325 patients with BrS (47 ± 13 years, 258 men) with spontaneous (n = 143) or drug-induced (n = 182) type 1 ECG were retrospectively reviewed. Two hundred twenty-six patients (70%) were asymptomatic, 73 patients (22%) presented with unexplained syncope, and 26 patients (8%) presented with sudden death or implantable cardioverter-defibrillator appropriated therapies at diagnosis or during a mean follow-up of 48 ± 34 months. P-wave duration of ≥120 ms was present in 129 patients (40%), first degree atrioventricular block (AVB) in 113 (35%), right bundle branch block (BBB) in 90 (28%), and fascicular block in 52 (16%). Increased P-wave duration, first degree AVB, and right BBB were more often present in patients after drug challenge than in patients with spontaneous type 1 ST elevation. Left BBB was present in 3 patients. SCN5A mutation carriers had longer P-wave duration and longer PR and HV intervals. In multivariate analysis, first degree AVB was independently associated with sudden death or implantable cardioverter-defibrillator appropriated therapies (odds ratio 2.41, 95% confidence interval 1.01 to 5.73, p = 0.046) together with the presence of syncope and spontaneous type 1 ST elevation. In conclusion, conduction disturbances are frequent and sometimes diffuse in patients with BrS. First degree AVB is independently linked to outcome and may be proposed to be used for individual risk stratification.",
"Little is known about the pharmacokinetics of hydroxyurea in patients with sickle cell disease (SCD). Our aims were to evaluate bioequivalence between standard hydroxyurea capsules and a new formulation of 1,000 mg coated breakable tablets in adults and to compare pharmacokinetic parameters in adults and children with SCD. Fifteen adults received hydroxyurea capsules and tablets in a randomized cross-over study. Eleven children received hydroxyurea tablets. The results showed bioequivalence between capsules and tablets in adults. Pharmacokinetic parameters were not significantly different between adults and children. Considerable inter-individual variability was noted.",
"The majority of patients with migraine headaches are treated in non-specialized institutions though data on treatment outcomes are largely derived from tertiary care centers. The current non-interventional study explores efficacy and tolerability outcomes of patients with episodic migraines receiving topiramate as preventive agent in a general practice setting. A total of 366 patients (87% female, mean age 41.8 +/- 11.6 years) were eligible for migraine prevention and treated with flexible dose topiramate for 6 months (core phase), and optionally for a total of 12 months (follow-up phase). Overall, 261 patients (77.7% of safety analysis set, SAF) completed the core phase. Reasons for discontinuation included adverse events (2.1%), lost to follow-up (1.8%), other reasons (1.5%), and end of therapy (0.3%) though in the majority of patients who discontinued no reasons were listed. The median daily dose at endpoint was 50 mg/day (range, 25-187.5 mg/day). The median days with migraine headaches decreased from 6.0 to 1.2 days (p < 0.001), median pain intensity score decreased from 17.0 to 3.2 points (p < 0.001). In women with reported menstruation-associated migraine, the median number of migraine attacks decreased from 4.0 to 0.9 (p < 0.001). Absenteeism as well as triptan use decreased significantly, and significant improvements in activities of daily living and quality of life were reported. The most frequently reported AEs were paraesthesia (4.2%) and nausea (3%). Results suggest that migraine prevention with topiramate in a general practice is generally well tolerated and associated with a significant improvement in migraine headaches and related functional impairment.",
"The results of a tuberculin skin test (TST) screening program offered to employees of services for homeless people in Montréal from 1998 to 2005 were analyzed to assess the occupational risk of tuberculosis (TB) infection. Employees with no known contact with TB were selected among volunteer participants. They were followed in two dynamic cohorts: individuals with a negative two-step baseline TST (cohort A) and individuals with a negative single baseline TST (cohort B). We estimated the prevalences of initial positive TST, boosting effect, and conversion rate. The average age of the workers was 38.9 years. The prevalence of an initial positive TST was 12.9%. A booster effect was observed in 5.1% of workers who completed a two-step TST. The incidence of conversion was 2.3/100 person-years for cohort A (n=93) and 3.5/100 person-years for cohort B (n=221). The incidence of conversion was not significantly associated with any of the demographics or workplace factors investigated. Our findings are comparable to the rates reported among community workers, whose risk is higher than the average health worker. This suggests that there are occasional unidentified contagious cases among the homeless individuals of participating institutions.",
"The 3 MVA85A doses were well tolerated, and no vaccine-related serious adverse events were recorded. MVA85A induced potent, durable T-cell responses, which exceeded prevaccination responses up to 168 d after vaccination. No dose-related differences in response magnitude were observed. Multiple CD4 T cell subsets were induced; polyfunctional CD4 T cells co-expressing T-helper cell 1 cytokines with or without granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor predominated. IFN-γ-expressing CD8 T cells, which peaked later than CD4 T cells, were also detectable.",
"Findings from this trial may lead to an effective intervention to assist women diagnosed with GDM to improve maternal glucose homeostasis and weight as well as stabilize infant growth trajectory, reducing the burden of metabolic disease across two generations.",
"Pre-treatment with prednisolone did not reduce the immediate GTN-induced headache, did not inhibit the frequency of delayed headache but significantly decreased the intensity of delayed GTN-induced headache. These findings suggest that GTN causes induction of inflammatory mediators, and that this is the mechanism of delayed GTN-induced migraine. They also support a role of inflammatory mediators in spontaneous migraine attacks.",
"Even though there exists a well designed laboratory LMIS, keeping quality stock/bin cards and LMIS reports were very low. Key ART monitoring laboratory commodities were stock out at many facilities at the day of visit and during the past six months. Based on findings, training of laboratory personnel's managing laboratory commodities and keeping accurate inventory control procedures were recommended.",
"Rizatriptan 10-mg ODT, when taken early, while headache pain is mild, was superior to placebo at providing pain freedom at 2 hours and 24-hour sustained pain freedom.",
"Overall, PTMA had mild impact on MR reduction, left ventricular remodeling, QOL, and exercise capacity. During follow-up, the risk/benefit ratio remained suboptimal.",
"Dorzolamide 2% added to latanoprost 0.005% baseline treatment caused a significant decrease in IOP. The b.i.d. versus t.i.d. dosing of dorzolamide did not significantly affect a change in IOP except at one afternoon time point.",
"Statin therapy reduces the risk of new-onset atrial fibrillation in a dose-dependent manner, and is beneficial in patients with cardiovascular co-morbidities.",
"This study seems to be the largest in terms of number of imported uncomplicated malaria cases treated by AP. The high rate of reported digestive ADR is striking and should be taken into account in the follow-up of patients since it could affect their adherence to the treatment. Beside AP, artemisinin combination therapy (ACT) is now recommended as first-line regimen. A comparison of AP and ACT, in terms of efficacy and tolerance, would be useful.",
"The neutral shoulder position was as effective as the retracted shoulder position for infraclavicular subclavian venous catheterization. Shoulder retraction does not appear to be necessary for the infraclavicular subclavian venous catheterization.",
"In migraineurs who reported poor response to a short-acting triptan, sumatriptan/naproxen sodium was generally well tolerated and significantly more effective than placebo in conferring initial, intermediate, and sustained efficacy for pain and migraine-associated symptoms of photophobia and phonophobia.",
"Acupuncture preventive treatment can effectively improve the life quality of the patients with migraine and reduce the migraine attack. There is no significant difference in improving the physical and psychological health of the migraine patients between acupuncture and Flunarizine Hydrochloride, and acupuncture is more effective in reducing the migraine attack days.",
"The LSESLD is a reliable and valid research instrument assessing self-efficacy related to diabetes self-management among low-income, Spanish-speaking populations.",
"Although Malays were underprivileged in the socioeconomic level, no significant difference in healthcare disparities were observed among the three ethnic groups. This may be a reflection of the advancement in Singapore's healthcare system. The lower socioeconomic level may also explain the higher perceived stress level in Malays.",
"The aim of this study was to determine the efficacy and safety of remote magnetic navigation (RMN) with open-irrigated catheter vs. manual catheter navigation (MCN) in performing atrial fibrillation (AF) ablation. We searched in PubMed (1948-2013) and EMBASE (1974-2013) studies comparing RMN with MCN. Outcomes considered were AF recurrence (primary outcome), pulmonary vein isolation (PVI), procedural complications, and data on procedure's performance. Odds ratios (OR) and mean difference (MD) were extracted and pooled using a random-effect model. Confidence in the estimates of the obtained effects (quality of evidence) was assessed using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation approach. We identified seven controlled trials, six non-randomized and one randomized, including a total of 941 patients. Studies were at high risk of bias. No difference was observed between RMN and MCN on AF recurrence [OR 1.18, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.85 to 1.65, P = 0.32] or PVI (OR 0.41, 95% CI 0.11-1.47, P = 0.17). Remote magnetic navigation was associated with less peri-procedural complications (Peto OR 0.41, 95% CI 0.19-0.88, P = 0.02). Mean fluoroscopy time was reduced in RMN group (-22.22 min; 95% CI -42.48 to -1.96, P = 0.03), although the overall duration of the procedure was longer (60.91 min; 95% CI 31.17 to 90.65, P < 0.0001). In conclusion, RMN is not superior to MCN in achieving freedom from recurrent AF at mid-term follow-up or PVI. The procedure implies less peri-procedural complications, requires a shorter fluoroscopy time but a longer total procedural time. For the low quality of the available evidence, a proper designed randomized controlled trial could turn the direction and the effect of the dimensions explored.",
"Our study in patients of CKD stages 3-5 demonstrated the high E/Ea was associated with increased cardiovascular events and progression to dialysis. Assessment of the E/Ea by Doppler echocardiography is useful for predicting the risk of adverse cardiovascular and renal outcomes in CKD patients.",
"We assessed whether implementation of a combination of interventions in London tuberculosis clinics raised the levels of HIV test offers, acceptance and coverage. A stepped-wedge cluster randomised controlled trial was conducted across 24 clinics. Interventions were training of clinical staff and provision of tailor-made information resources with or without a change in clinic policy from selective to universal HIV testing. The primary outcome was HIV test acceptance amongst those offered a test, before and after the intervention; the secondary outcome was an offer of HIV testing. Additionally, the number and proportion of HIV tests among all clinic attendees (coverage) was assessed. 1,315 patients were seen in 24 clinics. The offer and coverage of testing rose significantly in clinics without (p = 0.002 and p = 0.004, respectively) and with an existing policy of universal testing (p = 0.02 and p = 0.04, respectively). However, the level of HIV test acceptance did not increase in 18 clinics without routine universal testing (p = 0.76) or the six clinics with existing universal testing (p = 0.40). The intervention significantly increased the number of HIV tests offered and proportion of participants tested, although acceptance did not change significantly. However, the magnitude of increase is modest due to the high baseline coverage.",
"Unexpectedly, concomitant rifampicin-containing tuberculosis treatment reduced apparent EFV clearance with a corresponding increase in EFV exposure. While the reasons for this interaction require further investigation, cytochrome P450 2B6 polymorphisms in the population studied may provide some explanation.",
"While European annual reporting rates based on spontaneous reports suggest an annual diLQTS/TdP incidence of 0.26 per million in Germany, we estimated a considerably higher incidence of diLQTS/TdP in an active surveillance approach. Further measures are warranted to better sensitize physicians against this potentially life-threatening drug-induced adverse event.",
"null",
"The risk for embolism during infective endocarditis can be quantified at admission using a simple and accurate calculator. It might be useful for facilitating therapeutic decisions.",
"Dental and medical researchers collaborated to recruit, treat and monitor participants with two chronic diseases to determine if treatment of one condition affects the status of the other.",
"Fibroblast growth factor 21 (FGF21) is a recently discovered metabolic regulator. Exogenous FGF21 produces beneficial metabolic effects in animal models; however, the translation of these observations to humans has not been tested. Here, we studied the effects of LY2405319 (LY), a variant of FGF21, in a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind proof-of-concept trial in patients with obesity and type 2 diabetes. Patients received placebo or 3, 10, or 20 mg of LY daily for 28 days. LY treatment produced significant improvements in dyslipidemia, including decreases in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglycerides and increases in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol and a shift to a potentially less atherogenic apolipoprotein concentration profile. Favorable effects on body weight, fasting insulin, and adiponectin were also detected. However, only a trend toward glucose lowering was observed. These results indicate that FGF21 is bioactive in humans and suggest that FGF21-based therapies may be effective for the treatment of selected metabolic disorders.",
"The ANTIPAF trial was a prospective, randomized, placebo-controlled, multicenter trial analyzing the AF burden (percentage of days with documented episodes of paroxysmal AF) during a 12-month follow-up as the primary study end point. Four hundred thirty patients with documented paroxysmal AF without structural heart disease were randomized to placebo or 40 mg olmesartan per day. Concomitant therapy with ARBs, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, and antiarrhythmic drugs was prohibited. Patients were followed using daily transtelephonic ECG (tele-ECG) recordings independent of symptoms. The intention-to-treat population of the trial encompassed 425 patients (placebo group, n=211; olmesartan group, n=214). A total of 87 818 tele-ECGs were analyzed in these patients during follow-up (placebo group, 44 888 ECGs; olmesartan group, 42 930 ECGs). Thus, a mean of 207 tele-ECGs were recorded per patient. The primary end point (AF burden) was not different between the 2 groups (P=0.770). Secondary outcome parameters, including quality of life, also were not different. In particular, time to first AF recurrence, time to persistent AF, and number of hospitalizations were not different between the 2 groups. The time to prescription of recovery medication (amiodarone) was the only parameter showing an intergroup difference, with earlier prescription of amiodarone in the placebo group (P=0.022).",
"Used appropriately, dofetilide appears to be a viable adjunct to catheter-based ablation and alternative pharmacological approaches for the treatment of atrial arrhythmias in adult patients with congenital heart disease.",
"These data suggest that observation alone is an effective initial treatment strategy for selected patients with PSP. They support the inclusion of an observation arm in planned prospective studies comparing different management approaches.",
"To our knowledge, the results of our study indicate for the first time that short-term CR of only 2 weeks in duration already has a positive effect on reduction of oxidative stress in the body. However, this positive effect is seen only in nonsmokers and not in smokers.",
"This randomized study demonstrated that both histamine and BoNTA are similarly effective and well tolerated in reducing or eliminating headache in migraine prophylaxis. Low doses of histamine applied subcutaneously may represent a novel and effective therapeutic alternative in migraine patients and lay the clinical and pharmacological groundwork for the use of H3 agonist in migraine prophylaxis.",
"In SCD patients, low-dose regimen of HU is a feasible option that ensured safety and yet did not affect efficacy.",
"In patients with HOCM, surgical myectomy alleviated symptoms, relieved obstruction, and decreased left atrial volume index. Longitudinal strain remained unchanged, but circumferential strain and rotation decreased, demonstrating different mechanical adaptations to chronic elevated afterload seen in patients with severe aortic stenosis undergoing valve replacement. Disease extent (age, posterior wall involvement) and the presence of diastolic dysfunction seem to be related to partial symptomatic response to myectomy.",
"The use of linezolid for the treatment of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis is limited by dose- and time-dependent toxicity. Recently, we reported a case of pharmacokinetic drug-drug interaction between linezolid and clarithromycin that resulted in increased linezolid exposure. The aim of this prospective pharmacokinetic study is to quantify the effect of clarithromycin on the exposure of linezolid. Subjects were included in an open-label, single-centre, single-arm, fixed-order pharmacokinetic interaction study. All subjects received 300 mg linezolid twice daily during the entire study, consecutively co-administered with 250 mg and 500 mg clarithromycin once daily. Steady-state serum curves of linezolid and clarithromycin were analysed using validated methods, and differences between pharmacokinetic parameters were calculated. Linezolid exposure increased by a median (interquartile range) of 44% (23-102%, p=0.043) after co-administration of 500 mg clarithromycin (n=5) compared to baseline, whereas 250 mg clarithromycin had no statistically significant effect. Co-administration was well tolerated by most patients; none experienced severe adverse effects. One patient reported common toxicity criteria grade 2 gastrointestinal adverse events. In this study, we showed that clarithromycin significantly increased linezolid serum exposure after combining clarithromycin with linezolid in multidrug-resistant tuberculosis patients. The drug-drug interaction is possibly P-glycoprotein-mediated. Due to large interpatient variability, therapeutic drug monitoring is advisable to determine individual effect size.",
"Six Medical Centers in France were involved in a prospective study evaluating the efficacy of [131I]metaiodobenzylguanidine (131I-MIBG) in the treatment of malignant pheochromocytoma. Fifteen patients aged from 28 to 75 years bearing tumor sites demonstrating a good MIBG uptake were included in this study. Catecholamines were elevated in 13/14 cases, VMA in 9/14 and metanephrines in 13/14. Two to 11 therapeutic activities of 131I-MIBG were administered, with a mean number of therapeutic doses per patient of 4 and a mean single activity of 4.7 GBq (range 2.9 to 9.25 GBq). Seven patients were alive, and seven patients died 6 to 29 months after their first MIBG administration (mean follow-up of 36 months); 1 patient was lost to follow-up. Two patients had a partial tumor response only, 4 had a hormonal response only, and 3 had both a partial tumor response and a hormonal response (complete in 2 cases). Six patients did not respond to the treatment, 4 of them died. Of the 9 responding patients, 4 relapsed, 3 of whom died subsequently. Haematological toxicity was always transient and mild, except in 1 case.",
"In a phase-II multi-centre double-blinded trial, we evaluated haematological effects of oral hydroxycarbamide (HC) and magnesium (Mg) in patients with HbSC, aged 5-53 years old. Subjects were randomized to HC + placebo, Mg + placebo, HC + Mg, or placebo + placebo. The primary endpoint was the proportion of hyperdense red blood cells after 8 weeks. Thirty-six subjects were evaluable, but the study was terminated early because of slow enrollment. In the combined HC groups, mean cell volume and HbF were increased, but differences were not seen in hyperdense red cells or vaso-occlusive events. Mg had no effects. Further investigation of hydroxycarbamide as monotherapy in HbSC disease is warranted.",
"null",
"The percentage of patients with primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with door-to-balloon (D2B) times ≤90 minutes is used as a hospital performance measure for public reporting. Patients can be excluded from reporting for nonsystem-related delays. How exclusions impact D2B time reporting at the hospital level is unknown. The percentage of patients having nonsystem delays for primary PCI at the hospital level was calculated using data from the Acute Coronary Treatment Intervention Outcomes Network Registry-Get with the Guidelines Registry. Hospitals were categorized based on tertiles of percentage of excluded patients: low, ≤7.1%; intermediate, >7.1% to 11.2%; and high, >11.2%. From January 1, 2007, to March 31, 2011, 43,909 patients from 294 hospitals were included. The percentage of exclusions differed substantially among hospitals (0% to 68%, median 9.2% [interquartile range 5.6% to 13.5%]). Exclusion reasons included vascular access difficulty (7.6%), cardiac arrest/intubation (38%), and PCI procedural difficulties (20%). Including patients with nonsystem delays significantly increased D2B times by ≤2 minutes for each group. The effect was larger on the proportion of patients having a D2B ≤90 minutes (low 83.6% to 85%, intermediate 82.9% to 86.3%, high 82% to 87.5%, p <0.001, for all). If a criterion of having ≥90% of patients with D2B ≤90 minutes was used, excluding patients with nonsystem delays significantly increased the proportion of patients meeting this goal for each group: low, 28% to 37%; intermediate, 17.7% to 37.5%; and high, 14% to 52% (all p <0.01). In conclusion, the proportion of patients excluded from D2B reporting varies substantially among hospitals. This has a greater impact on percentage of patients with D2B time ≤90 minutes than on median D2B times.",
"It is feasible to engage factories in TB control activities in Bangladesh, and thereby increase case notifications and improve treatment outcomes.",
"Administration of a single bolus of epoetin alfa in patients with STEMI does not result in a reduction of cardiovascular events at 1 year after primary PCI. There was a comparable incidence of thromboembolic complications in both treatment groups, suggesting that epoetin alfa administration is safe at long term.",
"The results of the study suggest that enoxaparin added into the infusion fluid may reduce postoperative inflammation in patients with DM, and this result supports the anti-inflammatory effect of enoxaparin.",
"A substantial proportion of patients with atrial fibrillation who have an ischemic stroke are already receiving oral anticoagulation. Sub-optimal levels of anticoagulation and additional etiologies explain, only in part, this failure. Further research is needed to help find adequate therapeutic strategies in atrial fibrillation patients who sustain an ischemic stroke while receiving oral anticoagulation.",
"http://www.clinicaltrials.gov. Unique identifier: NCT# 01607294.",
": II.",
"CAB does not increase the risk of significant cardiac valve regurgitation in prolactinomas after the first 5 years of treatment.",
"Use of the ELISA test with subsequent diet elimination advice did not reduce the disability or impact on daily life of migraine like headaches or the number of migraine like headaches at 12 weeks but it did significantly reduce the number of migraine like headaches at 4 weeks.",
"These data suggest that exposure to AL in pregnancy, including first trimester, is not associated with particular safety risks in terms of perinatal mortality, malformations, or developmental impairment. However, more data are required on AL use during the first trimester.",
"Dioraphte Foundation.",
"Hospitalization is common in outpatients with AF and is independently predicted by heart failure and AF symptoms. Improved symptom control, rate control, and comorbid condition management should be evaluated as strategies to reduce health care use in these patients.",
"An effective malaria vaccine is a public health priority. Proteins expressed during the blood-stage of the parasite life cycle have been proposed as good vaccine candidates. No such blood-stage vaccine, however, is available against Plasmodium falciparum, the deadliest Plasmodium species. We show here that P. falciparum serine repeat antigen 5 (SERA5) is a potential vaccine immunogen. We have constructed a new recombinant molecule of SERA5, namely SE36, based on previously reported SE47' molecule by removing the serine repeats. Epidemiological study in the holo-endemic population of Solomon Islands shows highly significant correlation of sero-conversion and malaria protective immunity against this antigen. Animal experiments using non-human primates, and a human phase 1a clinical trial assessed SE36 vaccine immunogenicity. Vaccination of squirrel monkeys with SE36 protein and aluminum hydroxyl gel (SE36/AHG) conferred protection against high parasitemia and boosted serum anti-SE36 IgG after P. falciparum parasite challenge. SE36/AHG was highly immunogenic in chimpanzees, where serum anti-SE36 IgG titers last more than one year. Phase 1a clinical trial (current controlled trials, ISRCTN78679862) demonstrated the safety and immunogenicity of SE36/AHG with 30 healthy adults and 10 placebo controls. Three subcutaneous administrations of 50 and 100microg dose of SE36/AHG were well-tolerated, with no severe adverse events; and resulted in 100% sero-conversion in both dose arms. The current research results for SE36/AHG provide initial clinical validation for future trials and suggest clues/strategies for further vaccine development.",
"Of 918 patients enrolled, 691 underwent randomization and were followed for an average of 37 months. The primary outcome occurred in 190 of 342 patients (55.6%) in the right-ventricular-pacing group, as compared with 160 of 349 (45.8%) in the biventricular-pacing group. Patients randomly assigned to biventricular pacing had a significantly lower incidence of the primary outcome over time than did those assigned to right ventricular pacing (hazard ratio, 0.74; 95% credible interval, 0.60 to 0.90); results were similar in the pacemaker and ICD groups. Left ventricular lead-related complications occurred in 6.4% of patients.",
"In this cohort of AIS patients, atrial fibrillation showed a seasonal variation and a nonhomogeneous distribution across air temperatures, with peaks in cold seasons and low temperatures on the day of stroke onset.",
"The performance of Ang-2 as a biomarker for heart failure in ACHD is comparable to NT-proBNP. Its significant elevation in patients with single ventricle physiology indicates potential in this patient group and warrants further studies.",
"Intramyocardial infusion-needle catheter ablation is feasible and permits control of some VTs that have been refractory to conventional catheter ablation therapy, warranting further study.",
"Independent predictors of subsequent morphological changes were found at baseline and shortly after start of treatment, and may be of use to identify individuals with a reduced repolarization reserve.",
"The results suggest that the puncture-site-down postbiopsy position may not affect either the incidence of postbiopsy pneumothorax or the incidence of pneumothorax that requires chest tube placement.",
"These findings showed that in diabetic hypertensive patients with microalbuminuria, despite equivalent BP-lowering effect, I produced a greater antiproteinuric effect than R, which might be due to different intrinsic molecular properties of the two drugs.",
"The aim of this study was to determine the impact of pitavastatin on low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and lectin-like oxidized LDL receptor-1 (LOX-1) in patients with hypercholesterolemia. Twenty-five hypercholesterolemic patients (8 male, 17 female; age 66 +/- 13, 21-80 years) who had not received anti-dyslipidemic agents and had LDL-C levels of more than 160 mg/dL were examined. Biochemical factors were measured at baseline and after treatment with pitavastatin (2 mg/day) for 6 months. Serum levels of LOX-1 with apolipoprotein B-100 particle ligand and a soluble form of LOX-1 (sLOX-1) were measured by ELISA. All subjects completed the study with no adverse side effects. Total-C (268 +/- 26 vs. 176 +/- 17 mg/dL), LDL-C (182 +/- 21 vs. 96 +/- 14 mg/dL), and LOX-1 ligand (867 +/- 452 vs. 435 +/- 262 ng/mL) were reduced with pitavastatin treatment (P < 0.0001 for each). Significant decreases in triacylglycerols were noted (P < 0.0001), but there were no changes in high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. After 6 months, there were no significant changes in high-sensitivity CRP or soluble LOX-1. At baseline, there were no significant correlations between LOX-1 ligand and either LDL-C or sLOX-1. The decrease in LOX-1 ligand was not correlated with the decrease in LDL-C, but was correlated with the decrease in sLOX-1 (r = 0.47, P < 0.05). In conclusion, pitavastatin therapy had beneficial effects on markers of oxidative stress in hypercholesterolemic subjects. Serum levels of LOX-1 ligand may be a useful biomarker of the pleiotropic effects of statins.",
"The beneficial effects on renal function by statin treatment seem not to be mediated by changes in intrarenal hemodynamics in patients with hypercholesterolemia.",
"After 6 months of ACTH gel therapy, 8 of 14 (57%) patients achieved a complete (n = 1) or partial (n = 7) remission. In the low-dose ACTH gel group (16 units), urinary protein fell from 6709 + 953 to 2224 + 489 mg/24 hrs (P < 0.001). In contrast, 2 of 6 patients in the 32-unit group achieved partial remission, but aggregate proteinuria (5324 + 751 to 5154 + 853 mg/24 hours) did not change. Urinary VEGF increased from 388 to 1346 pg/mg urinary creatinine (P < 0.02) in the low-dose group but remained unchanged in the high-dose group.",
"In India, chloroquine has been replaced by a combination of artesunate and sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine (AS-SP) for uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria. Other available combinations, artemether-lumefantrine (AM-LF) and artesunate-mefloquine (AS-MQ), not included in the national program, are widely used by private practitioners. Little is known about the therapeutic efficacy of these artemisinin combinations and the prevalence of molecular markers associated with antimalarial drug resistance. A total of 157 patients with P. falciparum monoinfection were recruited and randomized into three study groups (AS-SP, AM-LF, and AS-MQ). All patients were followed up for 42 days to study the clinical and parasitological responses according to the WHO protocol (2009). We assessed the polymorphism of the pfATPase6, pfcrt, pfdhfr, and pfdhps genes by the DNA-sequencing method. The PCR-corrected therapeutic efficacies of AS-SP, AM-LF, and AS-MQ were 90.6% (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.793 to 0.969), 95.9% (95% CI, 0.860 to 0.995), and 100% (95% CI, 0.927 to 1.00), respectively. No specific mutational pattern was observed in the pfATPase6 gene. All isolates had a K76T mutation in the pfcrt gene. In the pfdhfr-pfdhps genotype, quadruple mutation was frequent, and quintuple mutation was documented in 6.3% of P. falciparum isolates. The significant failure rate of AS-SP (9.5%), although within the limit (10%) for drug policy change, was due to SP failure because of prevailing mutations in pfdhfr, I(51)R(59)N(108), with pfdhps, G(437) and/or E(540). The efficacy of this ACT needs periodic monitoring. Artemether-lumefantrine and artesunate-mefloquine are effective alternatives to the artesunate-sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine combination.",
"The efficacy of combining rate and pressure reduction during weaning by synchronous intermittent mandatory ventilation (SIMV) were compared with weaning by patient triggered ventilation (PTV) (pressure reduction alone) in two randomised trials. Regardless of ventilation mode, pressure was reduced to the same level according to the size of the infant. In the first trial, the SIMV rate was also reduced progressively to a minimum of 20 breaths/minute, and in the second to five breaths/minute. Forty premature infants aged 15 days of age or less were randomly allocated into each trial. No significant differences were found in the first trial between ventilation modes in either the duration of weaning or the number of infants in whom weaning failed. In the second trial, the duration of weaning was shorter by PTV than by SIMV (median 24 hours, range 7-432 v 50 hours, range 12-500; p < 0.05); weaning failed in two infants in the PTV group and in five in the SIMV group. It is concluded that weaning by a combination of pressure and rate reduction, such as can be achieved during SIMV, offers no significant advantage over pressure reduction alone.",
"Because animal studies have demonstrated that mechanical ventilation at high volume and pressure can be deleterious to the lungs, limitation of airway pressure, allowing hypercapnia if necessary, is already used for ventilation of acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). Whether a systematic and more drastic reduction is necessary is debatable. A multicenter randomized study was undertaken to compare a strategy aimed at limiting the end-inspiratory plateau pressure to 25 cm H2O, using tidal volume (VT) below 10 ml/kg of body weight, versus a more conventional ventilatory approach (with regard to current practice) using VT at 10 ml/kg or above and close to normal PaCO2. Both arms used a similar level of positive end-expiratory pressure. A total of 116 patients with ARDS and no organ failure other than the lung were enrolled over 32 mo in 25 centers. The two groups were similar at inclusion. Patients in the two arms were ventilated with different VT (7.1 +/- 1.3 versus 10.3 +/- 1.7 ml/kg at Day 1, p < 0.001) and plateau pressures (25.7 +/- 5. 0 versus 31.7 +/- 6.6 cm H2O at Day 1, p < 0.001), resulting in different PaCO2 (59.5 +/- 15.0 versus 41.3 +/- 7.6 mm Hg, p < 0.001) and pH (7.28 +/- 0.09 versus 7.4 +/- 0.09, p < 0.001), but a similar level of oxygenation. The new approach did not reduce mortality at Day 60 (46.6% versus 37.9% in control subjects, p = 0.38), the duration of mechanical ventilation (23.1 +/- 20.2 versus 21.4 +/- 16. 3 d, p = 0.85), the incidence of pneumothorax (14% versus 12%, p = 0. 78), or the secondary occurrence of multiple organ failure (41% versus 41%, p = 1). We conclude that no benefit could be observed with reduced VT titrated to reach plateau pressures around 25 cm H2O compared with a more conventional approach in which normocapnia was achieved with plateau pressures already below 35 cm H2O.",
"The study findings revealed that patient satisfaction was positively associated with sociodemographic variables like high income, employment, married individuals and those with higher levels of education. We found a lower treatment satisfaction in patients with diabetes-related complications and insulin treatment.",
"In this comparison of CRT defibrillator and dual-chamber implantable cardioverter-defibrillator, CRT improved clinical status in some patients with ischemic cardiomyopathy, mild-to-moderate symptoms, narrow QRS duration, and mechanical dyssynchrony on echocardiography.",
"High levels of catecholamines in pheochromocytoma (PHEO) are associated with risk of cardiovascular complications. In this study, we looked for potential differences in markers of oxidative stress - vitamin C, superoxide dismutase (SOD) and malondialdehyde (MDA) in PHEO before and after the operation. We studied 18 subjects with PHEO who were examined before and approximately one year after the successful tumor removal (free of disease). All subjects had elevated urinary epinephrine and/or norepinephrine levels before the operation. Vitamin C levels increased significantly after the operation from 61+/-27 to 77+/-20 micromol/l (P=0.02), and MDA decreased significantly after the tumor removal from 2.6+/-0.4 to 2.0+/-0.6 micromol/l (P=0.01). However, no changes were found in SOD activity before and after the operation. In conclusion, increased catecholamine production in PHEO is accompanied by decreased levels of vitamin C and increased levels of MDA which may indicate the activation of oxidative stress in PHEO. Successful operation was associated with lowering of oxidative stress by using both biomarkers. On the contrary, no changes in SOD activity before and after the tumor removal were noted.",
"Studies suggest that thoracic computed tomography (TCT) is superior to plain chest X-ray (CXR) in the detection of blunt chest injury. This study examined whether TCT provides additional information to routine CXR findings, whether the additional information results in a management change, and whether TCT is more useful in patients with particular mechanisms of injury. Level I trauma patients were prospectively placed into two groups. Control (CTL) group patients underwent TCT as a result of either clinical chest symptoms or abnormal CXR findings. The mechanism (MECH) group contained patients who had no thoracic signs and a negative CXR but experienced severe mechanisms of injury. TCT identified injuries not seen on CXR in 66 per cent of the CTL group and 39 per cent of the MECH group. Identification of these injuries resulted in a highly significant (P < 0.001) change in clinical management in 20 per cent of the CTL group and 5 per cent of the MECH group. TCT appears to be most helpful in the acute evaluation of trauma patients when roentgenographic evidence of chest injury exists and provides additional information impacting on the care of the patient 20 per cent of the time. In patients with severe mechanisms of injury and normal CXRs TCT expeditiously identifies occult chest injuries that require treatment in 5 per cent of this population.",
"Subclinical echocardiographic abnormalities are common in asymptomatic type 1 diabetes adults, and changes are progressive. The addition of an echocardiogram to complication surveillance programs in those with type 1 diabetes aged ≥40 years may represent a cost-effective way to screen for, and aggressively treat, occult cardiac disease.",
"The present exploratory analysis suggests that the outcome of recurrent ischemic cerebrovascular events might be improved among statin users as compared with nonusers.",
"Totally thoracoscopic closure of VSD through a 3-port entry was safe and effective.",
"In this patient population, a switch from amiodarone to dronedarone within a 2-day time frame might be feasible in certain patient categories, but further investigation is warranted.",
"In this project we have prospectively studied the erythropoietic activity in patients with sickle cell anaemia (SS) before and after treatment with hydroxyurea (HU). Some of the patients were enrolled in a double-blind placebo controlled trial of HU in patients with SS and others were enrolled in an open label study. Determinants of erythropoietic activity included the reticulocyte count, red blood cell (RBC) survival by the 51Cr method, plasma 59Fe clearance, plasma iron turnover (PIT), erythron transferrin uptake (ETU), RBC production/destruction rate, and RBC Fe utilization. Therapy with HU increased the mean corpuscular volume (MCV), haemoglobin (Hb)F, RBC survival and t1/2 59Fe clearance; it decreased the reticulocyte count, the white blood cell (WBC) count, ETU, and the PIT. Most of the changes in parameters of erythropoiesis could be explained by the increase in 51Cr RBC survival after therapy with HU. Together the data showed that in selected patients the net effect of HU on Hb level was a function of the difference between the suppressive effect of HU (decreased RBC production) and the increase in RBC survival. In the majority of patients who responded to HU, there was a preferential effect on RBC survival.",
"High-sensitivity cardiac troponin is the best single marker. Addition of HFABP to high-sensitivity troponin increased diagnostic sensitivity. Additional measurement of copeptin is not useful in the chest pain population.",
"Tuberculin status in adolescents can be read as positive or negative at 24 h, irrespective of their bacillus Calmette-Guérin scar status.",
"MIBG scintigraphy is highly specific for neuroblastoma and pheochromocytoma. Only 4% (4/100) of nonsympathomedullary tumors (non-pheochromocytoma and non-neuroblastoma) in childhood showed MIBG uptake, of which only 2% (2/100) were of non-neural crest origin.",
"Programming standard pacemakers to avoid RV pacing is safe, does not adversely affect patients' symptoms or quality of life and is associated with improved LV function, related to the reductions in RV pacing percentage.",
"In our group of Taiwanese patients, the relative risk for arrhythmia was 10·36 when cardiac T2* values were less than 10 ms (compared with ≥10 ms) and 1·98 when serum ferritin levels increased >2500 ng mL(-1) (compared with ≤2500 ng mL(-1) ). Serum ferritin levels correlated with cardiac T2* values in patients with abnormal myocardial iron loads (T2* < 20 ms, r = -0·48, P = 0·004, n = 34), but LVEF (measured by echocardiography) gave no indication of excess myocardial iron deposition (r = -0·07, P = 0·52) or of the risk of developing arrhythmia.",
"At baseline, the mean (±SD) 25(OH)D concentration was 7 ± 4 ng/mL, and all concentrations were <20 ng/mL. Vitamin D supplementation increased serum 25(OH)D by a mean of 12.7 ng/mL compared with placebo (P < 0.0001). At baseline, 16 children in the vitamin D group and 18 in the placebo group were TST positive (P = 0.7). Over 6 mo, TSTs converted to positive in 5 (11%) children receiving vitamin D compared with 11 (27%) receiving placebo (RR: 0.41; 95% CI: 0.16, 1.09; P = 0.06). Only one TST conversion occurred among those whose serum 25(OH)D concentration increased to >20 ng/mL, whereas 8 TST conversions occurred in those whose final 25(OH)D concentration remained <10 ng/mL (P = 0.05). The mean increase in stature was 2.9 ± 1.6 cm in the vitamin D group and 2.0 ± 1.7 cm in the placebo group (95% CI: 2.16, 2.81; P < 0.003).",
"This first systematic assessment of artemether-lumefantrine treatment for P. malariae, P. ovale and mixed-species malaria demonstrated a high cure rate of 100% and a favourable tolerability profile, and thus lends support to the practice of treating non-falciparum or mixed-species malaria, or all cases of malaria without definite species differentiation, with artemether-lumefantrine in Gabon.",
"This study shows that high coverage of the IPTi can be obtained when the strategy is implemented using routine health services and implementation results in a significant increase in coverage of EPI vaccines in the district of Kolokani, Mali.",
"There are no generally accepted norms of complication rates in pacemaker surgery. However, we found no indications that our centres have a rate of complications that is unacceptably high.",
"Pause-dependent augmentation of J waves was confirmed in about one-half of the patients with idiopathic VF after sudden R-R prolongation. Such dynamicity of J waves was specific to idiopathic VF and may be used for risk stratification.",
"Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation commenced >1 month prior to electrical cardioversion and continued thereafter reduces the recurrence of persistent AF. Randomized controlled trials on long-term fish oil supplementation are needed to confirm these findings.",
"Recruitment and retention in this MDR-TB clinical trial posed substantial challenges, suggesting the need for a large, multidisciplinary group of study staff to support the participants. Withdrawal tended to occur early in study treatment. The discrepancy in assigned study medication reflects the need for stronger administrative controls for study drugs.",
"ESWT appears effective in chronic diabetic and nondiabetic foot ulcers. However, the effects decreased from 1-5 y after treatment.",
"Some have suggested a protective effect of tuberculosis (TB) infection on allergic disease risk, but few studies have examined the association between the two. We therefore investigated whether TB disease and bacillus Calmette-Guérin (BCG) vaccination in early life protect against allergic disease. Information on allergic disease symptoms, past TB disease, and BCG vaccination as well as potential confounding factors was gathered by parental questionnaire from a randomly selected subset of 23,901 8- to 12-yr-old schoolchildren in 20 centers in both developed and developing countries. Children were also physically examined for flexural eczema and underwent skin prick testing. Pooled odds ratio (OR) estimates and corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs) across study centers were calculated, using random effects meta-analysis models. There were 245 (1.0%) reported cases of TB disease, and 66.3% (15,857) of all children received the BCG vaccine. Asthma, hay fever, and flexural eczema symptoms in the past year as well as flexural eczema on skin examination were all positively linked to a history of TB (adjusted pooled OR 'wheeze in the past year' = 2.27, 95% CI 1.52-3.41; adjusted pooled OR 'hay fever symptoms in the past year' = 2.23, 1.22-4.09; adjusted pooled OR 'flexural eczema symptoms in the past year' = 3.21, 2.01-5.12; adjusted pooled OR 'flexural eczema on skin examination' = 4.04, 1.71-9.56). Even higher risk estimates were seen for severe asthma and eczema symptoms [adjusted OR = 4.02 (2.17-7.47) and adjusted OR = 6.31 (2.19-18.17), respectively]. There was no significant association between past TB and skin prick test positivity (adjusted pooled OR = 1.32, 0.87-2.02). BCG vaccination during the first year of life was also not associated with any of the allergy outcomes. We found a uniform positive association between TB and all allergic disease outcomes, including eczema on skin examination. As this was a cross-sectional study, it is unclear whether this positive association is attributable to a causal relationship, and further longitudinal studies are required.",
"Participants with baseline BMI 35+ had greater reductions in mean BMI, body weight (as percentage change), and waist circumference in the coach-led group intervention, compared to usual care and the self-directed individual intervention (P < 0.05 for all). In contrast, the self-directed intervention was more effective than usual care only among participants with baseline BMIs between 25 ≤ 35. Mean weight loss exceeded 5% in the coach-led intervention regardless of baseline BMI category, but this was achieved only among self-directed intervention participants with baseline BMIs <35.",
"The ductal arch view can be obtained by live xPlane imaging. This method is relatively simple and feasible, hence may be a useful tool to detect fetal conotruncal anomalies.",
"Eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) and docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) are ω3-polyunsaturated fatty acids mainly contained in the blue-backed fish oil, and are effective in decreasing the lipids disorder and the cardiovascular incidence among diabetic patients. Moreover, it has been suggested that EPA and DHA may improve the insulin resistance and glucose metabolism. However, the clinical effects of EPA and DHA on glucose metabolism remain unclear. We aimed to clarify the effects of EPA/DHA treatment on glycemic control in type 2 diabetes mellitus. This study was a multicenter prospective randomized controlled trial involving 30 elderly type 2 diabetic patients on a liquid diet. Their exercises were almost zero and the content of their meals was strictly managed and understood well. Therefore, the difference by the individual's life was a minimum. The subjects were divided into two groups: those receiving EPA/DHA-rich liquid diet [EPA/DHA (+)] or liquid diet lacking EPA/DHA [EPA/DHA (-)]. Changes in factors related to glucose and lipid metabolism were assessed after the three-month study. Serum concentrations of EPA rose in EPA/DHA (+), although the levels of DHA and fasting C-peptide remained unchanged in EPA/DHA (+). In addition, there was a significant decline in the fasting plasma glucose (FPG), hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), fasting remnant-like particles and apolipoprotein (apo) B in EPA/DHA (+), compared with the values in EPA/DHA (-). EPA/DHA-rich diet might improve glucose metabolism in elderly type 2 diabetic patients on a liquid diet. This phenomenon may be due to the improved insulin resistance mediated by the rise in serum EPA concentrations.",
"The variations in ages at diagnosis associated with different tumor catecholamine phenotypes and locations suggest origins of PPGLs from different chromaffin progenitor cells with variable susceptibility to disease causing mutations. Different optimal age cut-offs for mutation testing are indicated for patients with and without epinephrine-producing tumors (44-49 vs. 30-35 yr, respectively).",
"Video-assisted thoracoscopic apical pleurectomy is effective and safe for treating primary spontaneous pneumothorax. Placing chest tubes on water seal after a brief period of suction shortens the duration of chest tube placement and hence the hospital stay.",
"Hydroxyurea (HU) is the first widely used treatment to have an impact on the severity of disease in adult patients with sickle cell anemia, but limited data are available for younger patients or those with variant genotypes. We reviewed 324 months of experience with HU in 16 patients from 5.3 to 18.4 years of age treated for 6 to 50 months. The major toxicity was reversible neutropenia. Linear growth continued unchanged, and all patients gained weight. Hematologic results were similar to those reported in adults with increases in mean corpuscular volume (MCV) and total and fetal hemoglobin (HbF). We noted that the maximal hematologic effects occurred at less than the maximum dose. Clinically, patients experienced an 80% reduction in episodes of acute chest syndrome and a reduced need for blood transfusion, as well as a 30% decrease in the number of hospitalizations for painful events during HU therapy compared with an equivalent number of months before HU. These highly statistically significant results confirmed the value of HU in ameliorating the severe clinical course of pediatric patients. Similar effects were observed in three patients with sickle beta degrees-thalassemia, sickle beta+-thalassemia, and S-O Arab. Recurrent acute splenic sequestration and progressive symptomatic osteonecrosis were observed during HU. Thus, HU may not prevent the development of complications once organ damage is present. The challenge remains to determine when and to which pediatric patients with sickle cell disease HU should be offered.",
"Higher %sLVP was independently associated with superior clinical outcomes. In patients with normal AV conduction, the aCRT algorithm provided mostly sLVP and demonstrated better clinical outcomes compared to echocardiography-optimized BVP.",
"The replacement of concomitant treatment with dorzolamide hydrochloride 1 % and timolol maleate 0.5 % eye drops with dorzolamide hydrochloride 1 %/timolol maleate 0.5 % fixed-combination eye drops improved protocol adherence and preserved the IOP.",
"This survey was conducted to provide an insight into the current clinical practice regarding the use of cardioversion for atrial fibrillation (AF) in Europe. Responses were received from 57 centres across Europe, 71.9% of which were university hospitals. For electrical cardioversion, general anaesthesia was managed by an anaesthesiologist in 73.9% of centres and by a cardiologist in 37%. In the majority of centres, electrical cardioversion was performed using a biphasic defibrillator (85.1%). Antiarrhythmic drugs were routinely prescribed prior to electrical cardioversion by 54.3% of hospitals. For pharmacological cardioversion in patients with no or minimal heart disease, the majority of centres (63.1%) chose intravenous flecainide or propafenone, whereas vernakalant was used by 35% of centres in patients with no or minimal-to-moderate structural heart disease. Most centres (71.7%) used a mandatory strategy of 3 weeks of oral anticoagulation prior to elective cardioversion in patients AF > 48 h, but 28.3% performed immediate cardioversion after a transoesophageal echocardiogram. Many centres are now performing electrical cardioversion on treatment with novel oral anticoagulants (up to 23.6% of cardioversions).",
"Sustained chloroquine efficacy with repeated treatment supports the eventual re-introduction of chloroquine combinations for targeted uses such as intermittent preventive treatment.",
"In this pilot study of women episodic migraineurs, the HMW : LMW ADP ratio level was associated with migraine severity and predictive of acute treatment response. ADP and the HMW : LMW ratio of ADP represent potential novel biomarkers and drug targets for episodic migraine.",
"Thirty gene mutation carriers were found for 3 genes in 50 probands clinically diagnosed as having CPVT. The penetrance of CPVT phenotype was significantly higher in RYR2 mutation carriers, thus RYR2 gene screening in CPVT patients would be indispensable to prevent unexpected cardiac sudden death of young family members.",
"The acceptable safety profile and good tolerability of RTS,S/AS02(D) in combination with EPI vaccines previously reported from month 0 to 9 was confirmed over a 20 month surveillance period in this infant population. Antibodies against both CS and HBsAg in the RTS,S/AS02(D) group remained significantly higher compared to control for the study duration. Over 18 months follow up, RTS,S/AS02(D) prevented approximately a quarter of malaria cases in the study population.",
"Continuous administration of landiolol at a dose of 0.04 mg/kg/min after 1 min rapid i.v. administration at a dose of 0.125 mg/kg/min decreases HR without causing aggravation of CBF during treatment of intraoperative tachycardia in patients with normal and deteriorated cardiac function.",
"Concerns for emergence of parasite resistance due to the use of artemisinin-naphthoquine as single dose regimen is likely to compromise the usefulness of this potentially important combination treatment. A robust multi-centre trial is recommended to evaluate a three-day regimen with potentials to achieve high cure rates while minimizing the risk of emergence of resistant parasite strains.",
"These findings warrant a controlled study of the effects of magnesium supplementation in patients with SCA receiving hydroxyurea. Potentially, such therapy could alleviate or prevent vaso-occlusive crises.",
"In this ASTRONOMER substudy, insulin resistance was a powerful independent predictor of progression to LVH in patients with AS. Visceral obesity and ensuing insulin resistance may thus present novel therapeutic targets in AS patients.",
"Costs are determined by the response to treatment. Inadequate response triggers treatment changes and sometimes eventually surgical interventions, thereby increasing costs significantly.",
"1. Patients with DM2 are characterised by large variability of platelet reactivity, with little agreement between various methods. 2. Smoking, chronic heart failure, and subclinical inflammation may be associated with high platelet reactivity in patients with DM2 treated with ASA.",
"This study should allow validating the clinical efficacy of LVRC in severe emphysema. The cost-effectiveness study will assess the medical-economic impact of the LVRC therapeutic option.",
"In atrial fibrillation patients with stable coronary artery disease, the addition of antiplatelet therapy to VKA therapy is not associated with a reduction in risk of recurrent coronary events or thromboembolism, whereas risk of bleeding is increased significantly. The common practice of adding antiplatelet therapy to oral VKA anticoagulation in patients with atrial fibrillation and stable coronary artery disease warrants reassessment.",
"In hemodialysis patients, hair Mg concentration is a biomarker, independent of serum Mg concentration. Hair Mg, but not serum Mg, was significantly and negatively associated with LVWT. Reduced tissue Mg concentration, as measured in the hair, may be associated with left ventricular hypertrophy in hemodialysis patients.",
"IST patients treated with ivabradine showed both HR normalization and quality-of-life improvement maintained in the long-term follow-up. Stopping ivabradine after 1 year unexpectedly showed that HR remained in the normal limits in 80% of the patients.",
"This thrice-weekly 6-month regimen of antitubercular drugs, when administered under full supervision, is associated with a high rate of favourable treatment outcomes in HIV-negative patients with newly diagnosed sputum smearpositive pulmonary tuberculosis. There are few adverse drug reactions in these patients.",
"Large, demanding clinical trials require an adequate pool of potential participants. Approaching all potentially eligible patients without predetermined biases enhances success in recruitment.",
"We enrolled 176 children, of whom 170 received the study regimen: 86 received NNRTI-based ART, and 84 lopinavir-ritonavir-based ART. The incidence of malaria was lower among children receiving the lopinavir-ritonavir-based regimen than among those receiving the NNRTI-based regimen (1.32 vs. 2.25 episodes per person-year; incidence-rate ratio, 0.59; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.36 to 0.97; P=0.04), as was the risk of a recurrence of malaria after treatment with artemether-lumefantrine (28.1% vs. 54.2%; hazard ratio, 0.41; 95% CI, 0.22 to 0.76; P=0.004). The median lumefantrine level on day 7 after treatment for malaria was significantly higher in the lopinavir-ritonavir group than in the NNRTI group. In the lopinavir-ritonavir group, lumefantrine levels exceeding 300 ng per milliliter on day 7 were associated with a reduction of more than 85% in the 63-day risk of recurrent malaria. A greater number of serious adverse events occurred in the lopinavir-ritonavir group than in the NNRTI group (5.6% vs. 2.3%, P=0.16). Pruritus occurred significantly more frequently in the lopinavir-ritonavir group, and elevated alanine aminotransferase levels significantly more frequently in the NNRTI group.",
"Artesunate-mefloquine (25 mg/Kg mefloquine) is efficacious and well-tolerated for the treatment of uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria in adult patients.",
"Ablation can be performed safely with no or minimal radiation exposure during pregnancy. In the setting of malignant, drug-resistant arrhythmia, ablation may be considered a therapeutic option in selected cases.",
"This case-control study investigated the associations of a history of hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and diabetes mellitus with the risk of Parkinson's disease (PD) in Japan. Included were 249 cases within 6 years of onset of PD. Controls were 368 inpatients and outpatients without a neurodegenerative disease. Data on the vascular risk factors and confounders were obtained from a self-administered questionnaire. The vascular risk factors were defined based on drug treatment. Adjustment was made for sex, age, region of residence, pack-years of smoking, years of education, leisure-time exercise, body mass index, dietary intake of energy, cholesterol, vitamin E, alcohol, and coffee and the dietary glycemic index. The proportions of hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and diabetes mellitus prior to the onset of PD were 23.7%, 9.6%, and 4.0%, respectively, in cases. Hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and diabetes mellitus were significantly associated with a decreased risk of PD: the adjusted ORs were 0.43 (95% CI: 0.29-0.64), 0.58 (95% CI: 0.33-0.97), and 0.38 (95% CI: 0.17-0.79), respectively. No significant differences were observed in the association of vascular risk factors with the risk of PD between men and women. We found evidence of significant inverse associations of hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and diabetes mellitus with the risk of PD in Japan. Further well-designed investigations of the association of vascular risk factors with the risk of PD are needed, particularly large-scale prospective studies in Asia.",
"No patients were lost to follow-up. Death from any cause occurred in 2.8% of the patients in the thrombus-aspiration group (103 of 3621), as compared with 3.0% in the PCI-only group (110 of 3623) (hazard ratio, 0.94; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.72 to 1.22; P=0.63). The rates of hospitalization for recurrent myocardial infarction at 30 days were 0.5% and 0.9% in the two groups, respectively (hazard ratio, 0.61; 95% CI, 0.34 to 1.07; P=0.09), and the rates of stent thrombosis were 0.2% and 0.5%, respectively (hazard ratio, 0.47; 95% CI, 0.20 to 1.02; P=0.06). There were no significant differences between the groups with respect to the rate of stroke or neurologic complications at the time of discharge (P=0.87). The results were consistent across all major prespecified subgroups, including subgroups defined according to thrombus burden and coronary flow before PCI.",
"Although initially effective at reducing moderate FIMR, the addition of a ring did not change the clinical course after CABG surgery. At 12 months, no echocardiographic difference was found in terms of residual mitral regurgitation, left ventricular dimensions and function, or clinical outcomes.",
"The EAA clinical study provides a quantitative basis for the safety indicators' in AF listed in the NHS Commissioning Support Document and emphasises the importance of the document.",
"This preliminary study indicates that urine-based MTB/RIF, alone or in combination with LAM antigen detection, may potentially aid the diagnosis of TB in HIV-infected patients with advanced immunosuppression when sputum-based diagnosis is not possible. Concentration of urine prior to MTB/RIF-testing significantly improves sensitivity.",
"Latanoprost and travoprost both significantly reduce the 24-hour IOP from baseline in exfoliative glaucoma, but travoprost may demonstrate a greater hypotensive efficacy in the late afternoon.",
"Among participants with paroxysmal AF, 24-week treatment with prescription omega-3 compared with placebo did not reduce recurrent AF over 6 months.",
"Patient management could be optimized by more efficient diagnostic tools, specific guidelines for the diagnostic and therapeutic management, and a dedicated medical training for family practitioners as well as hospitals practice.",
"Optimal dosing of basal insulin is needed to achieve target fasting blood glucose and to avoid hypoglycaemia on the other hand in patients of type 2 diabetes on bedtime basal insulin and daytime sulfonylureas. This is an open label, randomised prospective study done in 40 type 2 diabetics having uncontrolled diabetes. Statistical analysis was performed by the SPSS programme for windows, version 17.0. Continuous variables are presented as mean +/- SD, and categorical variables are presented as absolute numbers and percentage. Data were checked for normality before statistical analysis. Normally distributed continuous variables were compared from baseline to 12th week using paired t-test. The average dose requirement of insulin glargine was 33.55 +/- 11.94 units (mean +/- SD). The average insulin glargine dose requirement per kg body weight was 0.48 +/- 0.17 units/kg body weight. The range of insulin dose was 0.23 to 0.96 units/kg body weight. Dose titration is patient specific and should be done in order to achieve target fasting blood glucose.",
"Patients had highly symptomatic AF (78% paroxysmal, 22% early persistent) and experienced failure of at least one antiarrhythmic drug. Cryoablation produced acute isolation of three or more PVs in 98.2% and all four PVs in 97.6% of patients. PVs isolation was achieved with the balloon catheter alone in 83%. At 12 months, treatment success was 69.9% (114 of 163) of cryoblation patients compared with 7.3% of antiarrhythmic drug patients (absolute difference, 62.6% [p < 0.001]). Sixty-five (79%) drug-treated patients crossed over to cryoablation during 12 months of study follow-up due to recurrent, symptomatic AF, constituting drug treatment failure. There were 7 of the resulting 228 cryoablated patients (3.1%) with a >75% reduction in PV area during 12 months of follow-up. Twenty-nine of 259 procedures (11.2%) were associated with phrenic nerve palsy as determined by radiographic screening; 25 of these had resolved by 12 months. Cryoablation patients had significantly improved symptoms at 12 months.",
"At multiple sites in Uganda, 1-3% of adults with suspected malaria had acute or early HIV infection. These findings highlight a major opportunity for expanding recognition of acute and early HIV infection in Africa.",
"Frequent syncope, orthostatic intolerance, and migraine independently increase the risk of white matter lesions, particularly in females.",
"Thoracoscopic treatment of SP is safe and effective in children. It can be performed under regional anesthesia also in children with severe respiratory insufficiency. Because the complications and recurrences are encountered more frequently in children with an underlying lung disease, special care in surgical manipulation is required in this subgroup of patients with SP.",
"AZD1305 was effective in converting AF to SR, but was associated with QT prolongation and TdP. The benefit-risk profile was judged as unfavourable and the AZD1305 development programme was discontinued.",
"Normal plasma concentrations of metanephrines exclude the diagnosis of pheochromocytoma, whereas normal plasma concentrations of catecholamines and normal urinary excretion of metanephrines do not. Tests for plasma metanephrines are more sensitive than tests for plasma catecholamines or urinary metanephrines for the diagnosis of pheochromocytoma.",
"null",
"Australian Clinical Trials Registry, Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry, CTRN12607000595415.",
"PVI by SURG formed more effective block lines than RF. SR at hospital discharge was similar among the groups, but more amiodarone was used in RF. During follow-up, incidence of recurrent AF was higher in the RF group.",
"Linking existing resources, such as a homecare agency with a public housing community, is one approach to disseminate diabetes prevention programs.",
"Johnson & Johnson and Bayer HealthCare.",
"Aqueous humour levels of ghrelin were significantly lower in open-angle glaucoma patients, compared with controls. This difference may manifest a role of ghrelin in the disease process or a consequence of antiglaucoma treatment.",
"Periprocedural myocardial infarction (MI) can be induced by several angiographic mechanisms. However, there are limited data on whether these mechanisms differentially affect clinical outcomes. The purpose of our study was to investigate the impact of periprocedural MI on mortality according to the underlying angiographic mechanisms after drug-eluting stent (DES) implantation. We pooled the databases from 7 coronary stent trials using DES. Periprocedural MI was classified according to its underlying angiographic mechanisms as type 1 (due to side-branch occlusion), type 2 (due to other angiographic complications), or type 3 (without angiographically identifiable causes). Among 10,889 patients treated with DES, 768 (7.1%) experienced periprocedural MI; 463 cases (60.3%) were driven by type 1 cause, 138 (18.0%) by type 2 cause, and 167 (21.7%) by type 3 cause. Mortality rates at 2 years were higher in patients with periprocedural MI than in those without (3.5% vs 2.1%, respectively). Significant differences in mortality were observed according to the angiographic mechanisms of MI (type 1: 2.8% vs type 2: 6.1% vs type 3: 3.1%). After multivariable adjustment, type 2 MI was significantly associated with an increased risk of mortality (hazard ratio 2.65, 95% confidence interval 1.77 to 3.96), whereas type 1 and type 3 MI were not related with increased mortality. In conclusion, among patients receiving DES implantation, periprocedural MI was associated with increased mortality, and there were differential associations with mortality according to the underlying angiographic mechanisms.",
"Travoprost/timolol BAK-free demonstrated equivalence to travoprost/timolol preserved with BAK in efficacy. No clinically relevant differences in the safety profiles of travoprost/timolol BAK-free and travoprost/timolol preserved with BAK were identified.",
"Limited studies exist regarding whether incorporating micronutrient supplements during tuberculosis (TB) treatment may improve cell-mediated immune response. We examined the effect of micronutrient supplementation on lymphocyte proliferation response to mycobacteria or T-cell mitogens in a randomized trial conducted on 423 patients with pulmonary TB. Eligible participants were randomly assigned to receive a daily dose of micronutrients (vitamins A, B-complex, C, E, and selenium) or placebo at the time of initiation of TB treatment. We found no overall effect of micronutrient supplements on lymphocyte proliferative responses to phytohaemagglutinin or purified protein derivatives in HIV-negative and HIV-positive TB patients. Of HIV-negative TB patients, the micronutrient group tended to show higher proliferative responses to concanavalin A than the placebo group, although the clinical relevance of this finding is not readily notable. The role of nutritional intervention in this vulnerable population remains an important area of future research.",
"One-year treatment with rosuvastatin in hypercholesterolemic adults with evidenceof subclinical atherosclerosis significantly reduced the CIMT of both CCAs and improved the lipid and lipoprotein levels.",
"Cardiac monitoring and concentration-QTc modeling demonstrated that pertuzumab, combined with trastuzumab and docetaxel, had no clinically relevant effects on QTcF and other electrocardiogram parameters.",
"An observational population-based cohort study was performed to investigate the role of comorbidity on outcome and treatment-related toxicity in patients with newly diagnosed advanced-stage diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) treated with R-CHOP (rituximab, cyclophosphamide, doxorubicin, vincristine, prednisone). Data for the clinical characteristics of 154 patients (median age 69 years), including Charlson Comorbidity Index (CCI), treatment, toxicity and outcome were evaluated. Forty-five percent of the patients had an International Prognistic index ≥3 and 16% had a CCI ≥2. The planned R-CHOP schedule was completed by 84% and 75% reached complete remission (CR). In those with CCI ≥2, 67% completed treatment with 46% CR. In patients with a CCI <2, overall survival (OS) after 1, 2 and 5 years was 84%, 79% and 65% respectively and it was 64%, 48% and 48% for those with CCI ≥2. Grade III/IV toxicity was documented in 53%, most frequently febrile neutropenia (27%) and infections (23%). In multivariate analysis CCI ≥2 and IPI ≥3 were independent risk indicators for OS and grade III/IV toxicity. In conclusion, comorbidity is an independent risk indicator for worse OS in patients with advanced DLBCL treated with R-CHOP by interference with intensive treatment schedules and more grade III/IV toxicity. Future studies are warranted to determine the optimal treatment approach in patients with significant comorbidities.",
"G6PD deficiency is common in African patients with malaria and until a reliable and simple G6PD test is available, the use of 8-aminoquinolines will remain problematic. G6PD status did not impact baseline haemoglobin, parasitaemia or temperature or the outcomes of anti-malarial therapy.",
"null",
"Atrial fibrillation lasting 30 seconds or longer was detected in 45 of 280 patients (16.1%) in the intervention group, as compared with 9 of 277 (3.2%) in the control group (absolute difference, 12.9 percentage points; 95% confidence interval [CI], 8.0 to 17.6; P<0.001; number needed to screen, 8). Atrial fibrillation lasting 2.5 minutes or longer was present in 28 of 284 patients (9.9%) in the intervention group, as compared with 7 of 277 (2.5%) in the control group (absolute difference, 7.4 percentage points; 95% CI, 3.4 to 11.3; P<0.001). By 90 days, oral anticoagulant therapy had been prescribed for more patients in the intervention group than in the control group (52 of 280 patients [18.6%] vs. 31 of 279 [11.1%]; absolute difference, 7.5 percentage points; 95% CI, 1.6 to 13.3; P=0.01).",
"Patients with RET codon 790/791 mutations seemed to have a less aggressive clinical course compared with patients with classic multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2A syndrome. Still, index patients had a lower biochemic cure rate in comparison with screening patients. Timely total thyroidectomy including lymph node dissection is warranted.",
"A theory-driven educational intervention significantly improves TTR in AF patients initiating warfarin during the first 6-months. Adverse clinical outcomes may potentially be reduced by improving patients' understanding of the necessity of warfarin and reducing their perception of treatment harm. Improving education provision for AF patients is essential to ensure efficacious and safe treatment. The trial is registered with Current Controlled Trials, ISRCTN93952605, and details are available at www.controlled-trials.com/ISRCTN93952605.",
"In patients with HFpEF, reduced LV compliance and RV remodeling are the strongest pathophysiologic predictors of adverse outcomes.",
"This study investigated the prevalence and determinants of hyperuricemia in Chinese type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) patients with central obesity. A multicentric hospital-based cross-sectional study was carried out in Guangdong Province between August 2011 and March 2012. At each hospital, Chinese T2DM patients with central obesity who were aged over 20 years, whose serum uric acid levels were measured, and who had lived in Guangdong Province for >=1 year, were recruited. Hyperuricemia was defined as serum uric acid >420 μmol/L in men and >360 μmol/L in women. Binary logistic regression was used to assess associated risk factors for hyperu-ricemia. A total of 2,917 T2DM patients with central obesity took part. The overall prevalence of hyperuricemia was 32.6% (36.1% for women, 28.4% for men). Binary logistic regression analyses demonstrated that women (OR: 1.576; 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.231, 2.018), high BMI (OR: 1.228; 95% CI: 1.094, 1.379), waist cir-cumference (OR: 1.135; 95% CI: 1.009, 1.276), hypertension (OR: 1.603; 95% CI: 1.263, 2.035), high total cho-lesterol (OR: 1.133; 95% CI: 1.002, 1.281), triglycerides (OR: 1.134; 95% CI: 1.069, 1.203), low HDL-cholesterol (OR: 0.820; 95% CI: 0.677, 0.995) and low estimated glomerular filtration rate (OR: 0.840; 95% CI: 0.815, 0.866) were risk factors associated with hyperuricemia. Hyperuricemia is prevalent in Chinese T2DM patients with central obesity and is significantly positively associated with women, cardiovascular risk factors such as obesity, hypertension and dyslipidemia, and low eGFR.",
"Only 55.3% of patients using LLD achieved the LDL-C target recommended in the 2003 European guidelines.",
"null",
"This is the first large international cohort of persons with chronic and episodic migraine studied using a web-based approach, a methodology well suited to the study of the burden of migraines.",
"As a consequence, we assume that if the distance between the leading points jugulum and ventral process of acromion is smaller than 20 cm, the puncture point for a vertical infraclavicular blockade of the brachial plexus should be lateralized as described above; additionally, the "finger-point" should be determined in order to verify the puncture point and to finally give an idea of the direction, in case of a possible need for correcting the puncture point.",
"Trabeculectomy is associated with progression of lens opacity predominantly in the posterior subcapsular region. Modification of risk factors such as postoperative steroid use may delay progression.",
"NTC01165372.",
"Current Controlled Trials identifier: ISRCTN06498763.",
"Mitomycin C needling revision appears to have a high long-term success rate. Surgery performed less than 4 months previously contributes to the success of the initial mitomycin C needling procedure.",
"Elevated body mass index (BMI) associates with cardiometabolic traits on observational analysis, yet the underlying causal relationships remain unclear. We conducted Mendelian randomization analyses by using a genetic score (GS) comprising 14 BMI-associated SNPs from a recent discovery analysis to investigate the causal role of BMI in cardiometabolic traits and events. We used eight population-based cohorts, including 34,538 European-descent individuals (4,407 type 2 diabetes (T2D), 6,073 coronary heart disease (CHD), and 3,813 stroke cases). A 1 kg/m(2) genetically elevated BMI increased fasting glucose (0.18 mmol/l; 95% confidence interval (CI) = 0.12-0.24), fasting insulin (8.5%; 95% CI = 5.9-11.1), interleukin-6 (7.0%; 95% CI = 4.0-10.1), and systolic blood pressure (0.70 mmHg; 95% CI = 0.24-1.16) and reduced high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (-0.02 mmol/l; 95% CI = -0.03 to -0.01) and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C; -0.04 mmol/l; 95% CI = -0.07 to -0.01). Observational and causal estimates were directionally concordant, except for LDL-C. A 1 kg/m(2) genetically elevated BMI increased the odds of T2D (odds ratio [OR] = 1.27; 95% CI = 1.18-1.36) but did not alter risk of CHD (OR 1.01; 95% CI = 0.94-1.08) or stroke (OR = 1.03; 95% CI = 0.95-1.12). A meta-analysis incorporating published studies reporting 27,465 CHD events in 219,423 individuals yielded a pooled OR of 1.04 (95% CI = 0.97-1.12) per 1 kg/m(2) increase in BMI. In conclusion, we identified causal effects of BMI on several cardiometabolic traits; however, whether BMI causally impacts CHD risk requires further evidence.",
"Although the Adamaoua Region is a stock-farming area, M. tuberculosis is the predominant MTC species responsible for PTB. Anti-tuberculosis drug resistance in new and previously treated cases is well established, underscoring the need to reinforce the DOTS strategy.",
"Plasma concentrations of artesunate and dihydroartemisinin were achieved rapidly with rapid and complete symptom resolution and parasite clearance with no adverse events.",
"Use of a waveform analysis algorithm to guide the initial treatment of out-of-hospital cardiac arrest patients presenting in VF did not improve overall survival compared with a standard shock-first protocol. Further study is recommended to examine the role of waveform analysis for the guided management of VF.",
"Epidemiological patterns of malaria are influenced by different kinds of climate. In Sahelian countries, the link between climatic factors and malaria is still insufficiently quantified. The aim of this work was to conduct a time-series study of rainfall to estimate the increased risk of malaria morbidity. Daily suspected malaria episodes among subjects of all ages were collected retrospectively in three health care facilities between 1 January 2000 and 31 December 2003 at Magaria, Niger. These daily numbers were analysed with time-series methods, using generalized additive models with a negative binomial family. The impact of rainfall 40 days before occurrence of suspected malaria episodes was studied using a distributed lag model. More than 13 000 suspected malaria episodes were registered corresponding to an annual cumulative incidence rate of 7.4%. The overall excess risk of suspected malaria episodes for an increase of 1mm of rainfall after 40 days of exposure was estimated at 7.2%. This study allowed to specify the excess risk of rainfall on the occurrence of suspected malaria episodes in an intermediate rainfall area located in the Sahelian region in Niger. It was a first step to a health impact assessment.",
"Using population PK methodology, this study showed that age was a contributing factor to the apparent clearance of bepridil in Japanese patients with AF and that excessive QT prolongation might be related to a larger AUC.",
"These results showed that both the combined ezetimibe/simvastatin treatment and the simvastatin monotherapy proved to be effective and safe in patients with NAFLD and in cases of high cardiovascular risk.",
"Plant stanol esters yielded an early, by 1st treatment month, reduction of eCVD risk that resulted from a TC, LDL-C, and hsCRP decrease. eCVD risk reduction on the Mediterranean diet resulted from a change in several CVD risk factors and equaled that of plant stanol at 4 months. The consumption of plant stanol esters by moderately hypercholesterolaemic patients may be a useful option to reduce CVD risk in those who do not adopt a Mediterranean diet.",
"Despite similar BP lowering effect, aliskiren, but not amlodipine, reduced QT duration and dispersion, which might be related to the ability of aliskiren to interfere with mechanisms underlying myocardial electrical instability in the heart of diabetic hypertensive patients.",
"Staple line coverage with a polyglycolic acid sheet plus pleural abrasion by thoracoscopic surgery is a useful method for preventing morbidity and the postoperative recurrence of pneumothorax.",
"A water seal trial is not necessary for safe removal of chest tubes in children undergoing elective surgery. Chest tubes can be removed safely and earlier when pulled directly from suction for both pulmonary and nonpulmonary thoracic pediatric procedures.",
"The aim of this study is to assess whether a text message reminder service designed to support health worker adherence to a revised malaria treatment protocol is feasible and acceptable in Papua New Guinea (PNG). The study took place in six purposively selected health facilities located in the Eastern Highlands Province (EHP) of PNG. Ten text messages designed to remind participants of key elements of the new NMTP were transmitted to 42 health workers twice over a two week period (two text messages per day, Monday to Friday) via the country's largest mobile network provider. The feasibility and acceptability of the text message reminder service was assessed by transmission reports, participant diaries and group discussions. Findings indicate that the vast majority of text messages were successfully transmitted, participants' had regular mobile phone access and that most text messages were read most of the time and were considered both acceptable and clinically useful. Nevertheless, the study found that PNG health workers may tire of the service if the same messages are repeated too many times and that health workers may be reluctant to utilize more comprehensive, yet complementary, resources. In conclusion, a text message reminder service to support health worker adherence to the new malaria treatment protocol is feasible and acceptable in PNG. A rigorous pragmatic, effectiveness trial would be justified on the basis of these findings.",
"Among migraine-suffering premenopausal obese women, we found a reduced frequency of migraine attacks and improvement of headache-related disability post bariatric surgery. Our findings should be interpreted cautiously. The absence of a control group and the non-blinded nature of our small study make it difficult to draw firm conclusions about the causal nature of the headache changes observed in this population. Further study is needed to evaluate the possible specific effects of surgical weight loss on migraine in obese women.",
"This is the first randomised, cross-over study in migraineurs, showing that diet restriction based on IgG antibodies is an effective strategy in reducing the frequency of migraine attacks.",
"Repeat trabeculectomy with MMC has high success and low complication rates in patients with previously failed trabeculectomy in spite of the need of higher number of anti-glaucoma medications.",
"Over a treatment period of 1 month, only the fixed combination dorzolamide/timolol seems to have a vascular effect on retrobulbar vessels. Further research is necessary to confirm these results.",
"We evaluated a new line probe assay (LiPA) kit to identify Mycobacterium species and to detect mutations related to drug resistance in Mycobacterium tuberculosis. A total of 554 clinical isolates of Mycobacterium tuberculosis (n = 316), Mycobacterium avium (n = 71), Mycobacterium intracellulare (n = 51), Mycobacterium kansasii (n = 54), and other Mycobacterium species (n = 62) were tested with the LiPA kit in six hospitals. The LiPA kit was also used to directly test 163 sputum specimens. The results of LiPA identification of Mycobacterium species in clinical isolates were almost identical to those of conventional methods. Compared with standard drug susceptibility testing results for the clinical isolates, LiPA showed a sensitivity and specificity of 98.9% and 97.3%, respectively, for detecting rifampin (RIF)-resistant clinical isolates; 90.6% and 100%, respectively, for isoniazid (INH) resistance; 89.7% and 96.0%, respectively, for pyrazinamide (PZA) resistance; and 93.0% and 100%, respectively, for levofloxacin (LVX) resistance. The LiPA kit could detect target species directly in sputum specimens, with a sensitivity of 85.6%. Its sensitivity and specificity for detecting RIF-, PZA-, and LVX-resistant isolates in the sputum specimens were both 100%, and those for detecting INH-resistant isolates were 75.0% and 92.9%, respectively. The kit was able to identify mycobacterial bacilli at the species level, as well as drug-resistant phenotypes, with a high sensitivity and specificity.",
"With SDP, triptan users requiring a change in therapy experienced increased efficacy, satisfaction with therapy, and confidence in treatment without deterioration in tolerability.",
"The most important technical improvements of implantable cardioverter-defibrillators (ICD) of the latest generation comprise more sophisticated antitachycardia pacing options, stored intracardiac electrograms and biphasic shock capabilities which virtually always allow ICD implantation without thoracotomy. The present study summarizes the first clinical experience with these new devices. In 37 consecutive symptomatic (near sudden death 17, syncope 16, pre-syncope 4) patients aged 56 +/- 10 years with refractory ventricular arrhythmias (presenting arrhythmia: ventricular fibrillation 14, ventricular tachycardia 22, not documented 1), an ICD (Jewel PCD 7219, Medtronic) was implanted. Coronary artery disease was present in 21, dilated cardiomyopathy in 5, valvular heart disease in 2 and various conditions in 8 patients; the mean left ventricular ejection fraction was 43 +/- 18%. In 29 patients (78%), the ICD was inserted in a pectoral and in 8 (22%) in an abdominal position. A non-thoracotomy lead (NTL) configuration was successfully implanted in 36/37 patients (97%) (purely transvenous systems in 30, in combination with subcutaneous patch electrode in 6). Surgical complications comprised one pneumothorax, one hemorrhage and one death due to sepsis; during a mean follow-up of 5 +/- 3 months, another patient died of heart failure and 2 revisions (5.4%) for lead problems (1 connector, 1 SQ-patch) became necessary. In 23/37 patients (62%), the ICD was activated after 74 +/- 89 days post implant. 22 of these 23 patients (96%) received one or more appropriate shocks (9 +/- 22 shocks per patient). The actuarial survival was 95% at 6 months. In the present study, an ICD of the newest generation was successfully implanted without thoracotomy in > or = 97% and with purely transvenous systems in > or = 84%. Compared to older systems, this has made the implantation procedure remarkably easier and will most likely lead to a further reduction in mortality and morbidity. Despite the relatively short follow-up, the high incidence of appropriate ICD utilization underscores the high recurrence rate of arrhythmias in this population and suggests that the ICD may be very effective in preventing unnecessary rehospitalizations.",
"The new Abak bottle had a greater acceptability compared to preserved multidose eyedrops or to single-doses. Its handiness and the absence of preservative which may improve local tolerance are in favor of a greater compliance in chronically treated patients.",
"In the DES era, patients with DM remain at increased risk for cardiac death or myocardial infarction. However, DM is a risk factor for repeat revascularization only in those patients with complex lesions; patients with DM and noncomplex lesions have similar rates of 1-year freedom from repeat revascularization as do patients without DM.",
"RTS,S/AS01(E) induces CS-specific Th1 T cell responses in young children living in a malaria endemic area. The combination of anti-CS antibody concentrations titers and CS-specific TNFα(+) CD4(+) T cells could account for the level of protection conferred by RTS,S/AS01(E). The correlation between CS-specific TNFα(+) CD4(+) T cells and protection needs confirmation in other datasets.",
"Sleep duration was shown to have a U-shaped relationship with metabolic syndrome and insulin resistance, independent of potential confounders, and therefore may be an important modifiable risk factor for CVD prevention in patients with type 2 diabetes.",
"Five years after being introduced in Nigeria, both Coartem and Larimal have been shown to be safe and highly effective in the treatment of uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria in children.",
"This survey is intended to illustrate some major areas relevant to the diagnosis and treatment of sickle cell syndromes that have benefited by the input of molecular genetic approaches. The development of gene mapping techniques has permitted the direct examination of the effect of co-inheritance of alpha-thalassemia and sickle cell anemia on clinical severity, providing, for the first time, a direct strategy for investigation of the clinical heterogeneity of these syndromes. In addition, antenatal diagnosis of these disorders is now best done by direct gene mapping whenever appropriate facilities are available. Treatment by manipulation of gamma-globin gene expression has been shown to be an effective means of achieving at least partial reversal of the hemoglobin F to hemoglobin A switch. Whether the magnitude of this reversal is sufficient to interfere with the clinical phenotype of sickle cell disease remains to be determined. Moreover, the agent currently available to accomplish this goal, 5-azacytidine, remains unsuitable for wide-spread clinical application for a variety of reasons. Nonetheless, the molecular geneticist has already demonstrated that desirable effects can be achieved by building on the knowledge of globin gene physiology. This knowledge is best acquired by application of the concepts and methodologies of molecular genetics.",
"The results of our study indicate that collaborative management has a positive impact on decreasing cardiovascular risk and assists patients in attaining national goals for blood pressure and cholesterol.",
"",
"In patients with stable bepridil treatment, a change in T-U wave morphology might be a useful predictor of ventricular arrhythmia assisting the QT interval.",
"Topiramate 100 mg/day did not prevent the development of CDH at six months in subjects with HFEM. Topiramate was effective in reducing headache days and migraine headache days and generally well tolerated.",
"Compared with EST and LST, long-term outcome was markedly better in VLST, mainly because of a lower TLR rate, whether after DES or BMS implantation.",
"The decrease in anaemia was significantly associated with the intervention, whereas the fever and body weight trends might be explained by other malaria control activities or seasonal/climate effects in the area. The community intervention was shown to be feasible in the study context.",
"In Abkhazia, a region with high prevalence of drug resistant TB, the use of individualized MDR-TB treatment regimens resulted in poor treatment outcomes and XDR-TB amplification. Nosocomial transmission of MDR-TB emphasizes the importance of infection control in hospitals.",
"Exposure to SSRIs was not associated with an increased risk of heart valve regurgitation or morphological abnormalities suggestive of drug-induced toxicity in this large cohort of patients exposed to benfluorex.",
"A high intake of n-3 LCPUFAs was associated with a reduced risk of AMI, independent of HbA1c, in diabetic patients, but with an increased risk of fatal AMI and lower HbA1c among patients without impaired glucose metabolism. Further studies should investigate whether patients with diabetes may benefit from having a high intake of n-3 LCPUFAs and whether patients with normal glucose tolerance should be careful with a very high intake of these fatty acids.",
"An inverse relationship between BMI and BNP levels exists in patients hospitalized with HFpLVF. Higher BMI is associated with lower mortality, whereas higher BNP levels predict higher mortality in male patients with HFpLVF. These findings should be confirmed in a larger multicenter setting.",
"Guidelines have recommended non-high-density lipoprotein (non-HDL) cholesterol as a secondary target for therapy after the low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol goals have been met in patients with hypertriglyceridemia; non-HDL cholesterol is viewed as a surrogate for apolipoprotein (Apo)B, an alternate end point of treatment. The present analysis of the previously reported Simvastatin plus Fenofibrate for Combined Hyperlipidemia (SAFARI) trial assessed the associations of non-HDL cholesterol and LDL cholesterol with ApoB levels in patients with combined hyperlipidemia treated with combination simvastatin (20 mg) and fenofibrate (160 mg) or simvastatin monotherapy (20 mg). The correlations of these factors were analyzed in the overall modified intent-to-treat population (n = 594) and in patient subgroups stratified by triglyceride (TG) tertiles. Simvastatin plus fenofibrate and simvastatin alone significantly reduced LDL cholesterol, TG, non-HDL cholesterol and ApoB levels and non-HDL cholesterol/ApoB ratio (p < or =0.0004), regardless of the TG level. The greatest reductions occurred with combination treatment. The baseline levels of non-HDL cholesterol and LDL cholesterol correlated highly with ApoB and were stronger in the lower TG tertiles than in the higher TG tertiles. After 12 weeks, the correlations had changed little with simvastatin monotherapy but had increased substantially with combination therapy and were most improved at high TG levels. In conclusion, these results suggest that both non-HDL cholesterol and ApoB provide similar information in relation to treatment response in patients with combined hyperlipidemia and hypertriglyceridemia, and that non-HDL cholesterol is a good indicator of ApoB-containing lipoproteins, supporting its recommended use as a secondary therapeutic target in these patients.",
"In recent years, the number of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus caused by insulin resistance has continued to increase in Japan. Insulin resistance is considered to be closely related to the risk of cardiovascular diseases and atherosclerotic diseases, represented by arteriosclerosis obliterans (ASO). Therefore, improvement of insulin resistance is one of the important strategies in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus. At present, α-glucosidase inhibitors, incretin-related drugs, and thiazolidinediones are among the most important oral hypoglycemic drugs used to improve insulin resistance. In this study, the effect of beraprost sodium, a prostaglandin I2 derivative, in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus was investigated. In type 2 diabetic patients with ASO who were under treatment with pioglitazone, additional treatment with beraprost sodium exerted a significant synergistic effect in reducing the serum HbA1c levels as compared to treatment with pioglitazone alone. This result indicates that concomitant administration of pioglitazone and beraprost sodium may be useful in the treatment of diabetes -mellitus.",
"Type 2 diabetes mellitus is increasingly diagnosed in obese children and adolescents. Evidence suggests that this disease commonly progresses more rapidly in youth compared with adults and is associated with high rates of early microalbuminuria, hypertension, and dyslipidemia. The Treatment Options for Type 2 Diabetes in Adolescents and Youth (TODAY) study was the first multiethnic, multicenter randomized trial in the United States to compare 3 treatment approaches in obese youth with new-onset type 2 diabetes (n=699; ages 10-17 years): monotherapy with metformin, metformin with rosiglitazone, and metformin with an intensive lifestyle intervention. The primary outcome was glycemic control. Diabetes-related complications and cardiovascular risk factors were also examined. Approximately half of the participants could not maintain glycemic control by using metformin alone. Combination therapy with metformin and rosiglitazone resulted in better durability of glycemic control, and metformin plus intensive lifestyle intervention was intermediate but not superior to metformin alone. Deterioration in glycemic control was associated with rapid loss of beta cell function, not worsened insulin sensitivity, and could not be explained by differences in adherence or body mass index. After 3.9 years, 236 (33.8%) of participants had hypertension and 116 participants (16.6%) had microalbuminuria. Only 55.9% of participants had a low-density lipoprotein cholesterol level less than 100 mg/dL (to convert to mmol/L, multiply by 0.0259) after 3 years, and 71 of 517 participants (13.7%) had retinopathy. The significance of the findings from this important trial for the management of youth and young adults with youth-onset type 2 diabetes and its complications is discussed. An aggressive multifaceted approach is needed to prevent or forestall premature microvascular and macrovascular complications in youth-onset type 2 diabetes.",
"In holoendemic Plasmodium falciparum transmission areas, severe malaria primarily occurs in children aged <48 months and manifests as severe malarial anemia [SMA; hemoglobin (Hb) < 6.0 g/dL]. Induction of high levels of prostaglandin-E(2) (PGE(2)) through inducible cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) is an important host-defense mechanism against invading pathogens. We have previously shown that COX-2-derived PGE(2) levels are reduced in children residing in hyperendemic transmission regions with cerebral malaria and in those with mixed sequelae of anemia and hyperparasitemia. Our in vitro studies further demonstrated that reduced PGE(2) was due to downregulation of COX-2 gene products following phagocytosis of malarial pigment (hemozoin, PfHz). However, as COX-2-PGE(2) pathways and the impact of naturally acquired PfHz on erythropoietic responses have not been determined in children with SMA, plasma and urinary bicyclo-PGE(2)/creatinine and leukocytic COX-2 transcripts were determined in parasitized children (<36 months) stratified into SMA (n = 36) and non-SMA (Hb ≥ 6.0 g/dL; n = 38). Children with SMA had significantly reduced plasma (P = 0.001) and urinary (P < 0.001) bicyclo-PGE(2)/creatinine and COX-2 transcripts (P = 0.007). There was a significant positive association between Hb and both plasma (r = 0.363, P = 0.002) and urinary (r = 0.500, P = 0.001)] bicyclo-PGE(2)/creatinine. Furthermore, decreased systemic bicyclo-PGE(2)/creatinine was associated with inefficient erythropoiesis (i.e., reticulocyte production index; RPI < 2.0, P = 0.026). Additional analyses demonstrated that plasma (P = 0.031) and urinary (P = 0.070) bicyclo-PGE(2)/creatinine and COX-2 transcripts (P = 0.026) progressively declined with increasing concentrations of naturally acquired PfHz by monocytes. Results presented here support a model in which reduced COX-2-derived PGE(2), driven in part by naturally acquired PfHz by monocytes, promotes decreased erythropoietic responses in children with SMA.",
"High intake of plant stanols reduced LDL cholesterol values without any other side effects than reduction of serum beta-carotene concentration. However, the end product, serum vitamin A levels, were unchanged. The results suggest that plant stanol ester intake can be increased to induce a greater cholesterol lowering effect.",
"Bristol-Myers Squibb and Pfizer.",
"In a high-volume radial center, 2.7% of patients undergoing PCI are excluded from initial TRA on clinical grounds, whereas crossover to femoral approach is required in only 1.8% of the cases. A new simple clinical risk score is developed to predict TRA-PCI failure.",
"While it is feasible to use a CBPR approach to recruit participants and implement the P2P curriculum in AA community settings, there are significant challenges that must be overcome.",
"Among patients given dabigatran for atrial fibrillation, NB-UGI AEs are generally mild or moderate; 4% stopped taking the drug over a median of 21.7 months. The greatest increase was in GERD-type NB-UGI AEs. These observations should guide management and prevention strategies.",
"A series of 186 patients with blunt chest trauma was studied with transthoracic ultrasonography to diagnose pneumothorax and to evaluate its size and location. The results were compared with bedside chest radiography and spiral CT scan. The prevalence of pneumothorax on CT scan was 56/186 (30.1%). Pneumothorax was proven on radiography in 30/56 cases without false positive results: "radiographic deep sulcus sign" was evident in 3/29 cases, 26/29 cases being occult. The ultrasound study demonstrated the presence of pneumothorax in 55/56 patients: one occult pneumothorax was missed and no false positive results were observed. The CT scan differed of +/-2.3 cm (range 1-5 cm) from the US study in evaluating size and location of pneumothorax. In conclusion, ultrasound study may detect occult pneumothorax undiagnosed by standard plain radiography. It reflects accurately the extent of pneumothorax if compared with CT scan, outlining the "ultrasonographic deep sulcus sign" on anterior chest wall.",
"Bristol-Myers Squibb and sanofi-aventis.",
"A multicenter, retrospective, observational study was conducted to determine prevalence, characteristics, management, and outcome of pulmonary tuberculosis (PTB) in Asian HIV-infected children in the TREAT Asia Pediatric HIV Observational Database (TApHOD). Data on PTB episodes diagnosed during the period between 12 months before antiretroviral therapy (ART) initiation and December 31, 2009 were extracted. A total of 2678 HIV-infected children were included in TApHOD over a 13-year period; 457 developed PTB, giving a period prevalence of 17.1% (range 5.7-33.0% per country). There were a total of 484 PTB episodes; 27 children had 2 episodes each. There were 21 deaths (4.3%). One third of episodes (n=175/484) occurred after ART initiation at a median of 14.1 months (interquartile range [IQR] 2.5-28.8 months). The median (IQR) CD4+ values were 9.0% (3.0-16.0%) and 183.5 (37.8-525.0) cells/mm(3) when PTB was diagnosed. Most episodes (n=424/436, 97.3%) had abnormal radiographic findings compatible with PTB, whereas half (n=267/484, 55.2%) presented with clinical characteristics of PTB. One third of those tested (n=42/122, 34.4%) had bacteriological evidence of PTB. Of the 156 episodes (32.2%) that were accompanied with extrapulmonary TB, pleuritis was the most common manifestation (81.4%). After treatment completion, most episodes (n=396/484, 81.9%) were recorded as having positive outcomes (cured, treatment completed and child well, and improvement). The prevalence of PTB among Asian HIV-infected children in our cohort was high. Children with persistent immunosuppression remain vulnerable to PTB even after ART initiation.",
"null",
"Social and clinical setting may affect the physician's decision to provide reperfusion therapy in Beijing for STEMI patients. Better adherence of secondary preventive drugs and lower cardiovascular death are observed in STEMI patients receiving PCI during the 3-year follow-up",
"Vaccination with RTS,S/AS01E reduces exposure to blood-stage parasites and, thus, reduces anti-merozoite antigen antibody concentrations. However, in this study, these antibodies were not correlates of clinical immunity to malaria. Instead, heterogeneous exposure led to confounded, positive associations between increasing antibody concentration and increasing risk of clinical malaria.",
"We conclude that DNA biobanks coupled to electronic medical records not only provide a platform for genome-wide association study but also may allow broad interrogation of the longitudinal incidence of disease associated with genetic variants. The phenome-wide association study approach implicated sodium channel variants modulating QRS duration in subjects without cardiac disease as predictors of subsequent arrhythmias.",
"Brinzolamide 1%/timolol 0.5% ophthalmic suspension is associated with a statistically significantly less ocular discomfort profile than dorzolamide 2%/timolol 0.5% ophthalmic solution.",
"Compared with diet alone or no diet, 50-100 g/day ONOG supplement to structured dietary intervention, at a dose of 100 g/day especially, contributes to the Type 2 DM patients meeting MetS criteria in their metabolic control and CVD risk prevention, with external factors being controlled.",
"RMC navigation significantly reduces patients' and physicians' fluoroscopic times by 50.5% and 68.6%, respectively, when used in conjunction with a noncontact mapping system to guide ablation of RVOT VPC/VT.",
"null",
"The risk of developing TB increases in patients with HIV. So, HIV and TB programmes should be collaborated together and should be closely integrated with medical care to curb the spread of these deadly diseases.",
"The predicted survival time was, for the Canadian cohort, extended from 10.11 to 10.24 years when dronedarone was added to SOC. Similar results were found for the other countries, resulting in incremental cost-effectiveness ratios (ICERs) of €5828, €5873, €14,970, and €8554 per QALYs for Canada, Italy, Sweden, and, Switzerland, respectively. These results are all well below current established cost-effectiveness thresholds. In the EMA-restricted population, all patients were predicted to live longer, and the ICER increased but remained within established thresholds, with an average cost per QALY gained of €15,900.",
"Dietary fibre has been shown to have important health implications in the prevention of risks of chronic diseases. The objective of the present study was to determine the potential health benefits of legumes as a good source of dietary fibre. Six to ten local legumes were studied as follows: cowpeas, mung beans, pole sitao, chickpeas, green peas, groundnuts, pigeon peas, kidney beans, lima beans and soyabeans. The following studies were conducted: (a) mineral availability, in vitro; (b) glycaemic index (GI) in non-diabetic and diabetic human subjects; (c) the cholesterol-lowering effect in human subjects with moderately raised serum cholesterol levels. The highest Fe availability among legumes was for lima beans (9.5 (sem 0.1)) while for Zn and Ca, the highest availability was for kidney beans (49.3 (sem 4.5)) and pigeon peas (75.1 (sem 7.1)), respectively. Groundnuts have the lowest Fe (1.3 (sem 1.1)), Zn (7.9 (sem 1.3)) and Ca (14.6 (sem 2.8)) availability. Legumes are low-GI foods ( < 55), ranging from 6 (chickpeas) to 13 (mung beans). Kidney beans showed significant reductions for both total (6 %) and LDL-cholesterol (9 %), and groundnuts for total cholesterol (7 %; P < 0.05). We conclude that mineral availability from legumes differs and may be attributed to their mineral content, mineral-mineral interaction and from their phytic and tannic acid content; legumes are considered low-GI foods and have shown potential hypocholesterolaemic effects. The above studies can be a scientific basis for considering legumes as functional foods.",
"The occurrence of HIV in smear positive TB cases is high, with a higher proportion seen among females compared to males.",
"This trial is registered with the Dutch Trial Register under registration number 3570.",
"The aim of this study was to examine the early and late complications rate of central venous access ports connected to the Groshong catheter for long-term chemotherapy delivering. All patients suffering from a neoplastic disease, who required long-term chemotherapy and underwent insertion of implantable ports during a 21-month period (1 October 1994-30 June 1996) were prospectively studied. A single type of port was used, constructed of titanium and silicone rubber (Dome Port, Bard Inc., Salt Lake City, U.S.A), connected to an 8 F silastic Groshong catheter tubing (Bard Inc.). A team of different operators (two general surgeons, one interventional radiologist and four anaesthesiologists) was involved in inserting the port. All devices were placed in the operating room under fluoroscopic control. A central venous access form was filled in by the operator after the procedure and all ports were followed prospectively for device-related and overall complications. Data from the follow-up of these patients were entered in the form and collected in a database. Follow-up continued until the device was removed, the patient died or the study was closed. 178 devices, comprising a total of 32,089 days in situ, were placed in 175 patients. Three patients received a second device after removal of the first. Adequate follow-up was obtained in all cases (median 180 days, range 4-559). 138 devices (77.5%) were still in situ when the study was closed. Early complications included six pneumothoraxes, three arterial punctures and two revisions for port and/or catheter malfunction (overall early complications in 8 patients). Late complications included 3 cases (1.68% of devices) of catheter rupture and embolisation (0.093 episodes/1000 days of use), 2 cases (1.12% of devices) of venous thrombosis (0.062 episodes/1000 days of use), 1 case (0.56% of devices) of pocket infection (0.031 episodes/1000 days of use), and 4 cases (2.24% of devices) of port-related bacteraemias (0.124 episodes/1000 days of use). Infections were caused by coagulase-negative Staphylococcus aureus (4 cases) and Bacillus subtilis (1 case); they required port removal in 3 out of 5 cases. This study represents the largest published series of patients with totally implantable access ports connected to Groshong catheters; this device is a good option for long-term access to central veins and delivery of chemotherapeutic regimens, including continuous intravenous infusions. The low incidence of major complications related to implantation and management of these devices support increased use in oncology patients.",
"A large number of community pharmacists and non-pharmacist staff had inappropriate practice behavior and understanding. Continuing education and interventions are important to improve the practice and knowledge of pharmacy personnel, particularly the pharmacists.",
"The overall study results demonstrated that T-Gel 0.1% SDU is not inferior to T-Gel 0.1% MD.",
"This study has demonstrated that labetalol pretreatment (1.2 mg/kg) with supplemental SNP provides more favorable blood pressure control during surgical resection of pheochromocytoma than with SNP alone.",
"This study demonstrated that intra-left AEMD was increased in hypertensive patients and aortic elastic parameters was correlated with intra-left AEMD. These findings may be related to similar structural and functional changes in heart and aorta in hypertension.",
"There are significant differences in the immune response induced by different BCG vaccine strains in newborn infants. Immunization with BCG-Denmark or BCG-Japan induced higher frequencies of mycobacterial-specific polyfunctional and cytotoxic T cells and higher concentrations of Th1 cytokines. These findings have potentially important implications for global antituberculosis immunization policies and future tuberculosis vaccine trials.",
"The authors evaluated the effectiveness and safety of bimatoprost using an open-label, non-comparative, three-month, community-based surveillance study. Patients (n = 458) with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension received bimatoprost 0.03% ophthalmic solution as monotherapy, replacement therapy or adjunctive therapy. Bimatoprost produced a rapid, significant (p < 0.0001) reduction in intraocular pressure: monotherapy (34.6% reduction), replacement therapy (16.4% reduction); adjunctive therapy (24.1% reduction). Bimatoprost enabled more patients to achieve their pre-defined target intraocular pressure (p < 0.0001), compared to previous treatments, and significantly lowered intraocular pressure, regardless of the patients' baseline pressure level or history of pressure control. Bimatoprost was well-tolerated; the most commonly reported adverse event was conjunctival hyperaemia (19.9%). Most patients and ophthalmologists rated bimatoprost highly, compared to previously used treatments. The authors concluded that bimatoprost is an effective, well-tolerated treatment for lowering intraocular pressure in Thai patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.",
"This study was to extrapolate potential roles of augmented reality goggles as a clinical support tool assisting in the reduction of preventable causes of death on the battlefield. Our pilot study was designed to improve medic performance in accurately placing a large bore catheter to release tension pneumothorax (prehospital setting) while using augmented reality goggles. Thirty-four preclinical medical students recruited from Morehouse School of Medicine performed needle decompressions on human cadaver models after hearing a brief training lecture on tension pneumothorax management. Clinical vignettes identifying cadavers as having life-threatening tension pneumothoraces as a consequence of improvised explosive device attacks were used. Study group (n = 13) performed needle decompression using augmented reality goggles whereas the control group (n = 21) relied solely on memory from the lecture. The two groups were compared according to their ability to accurately complete the steps required to decompress a tension pneumothorax. The medical students using augmented reality goggle support were able to treat the tension pneumothorax on the human cadaver models more accurately than the students relying on their memory (p < 0.008). Although the augmented reality group required more time to complete the needle decompression intervention (p = 0.0684), this did not reach statistical significance.",
"ART during tuberculosis treatment is associated with a substantial reduction of death rate among HIV-infected patients. However, patients who are not ART-naive when they develop tuberculosis remain at elevated risk of death.",
"The goal of this study was to determine whether aggressive heart rate (HR) control in patients with both chronic atrial fibrillation (AF) and heart failure (HF) is associated with improved outcomes. HR control is one of the mainstays in management of patients with AF. However, rate control can be challenging in patients with HF. This study was designed as an interventional clinical trial, using patients with chronic AF and left ventricular systolic dysfunction with left ventricular ejection fraction ≤40% (n=20) as their own controls. Intervention consisted of increasing doses of metoprolol succinate to achieve target resting HR <70 beats per minute. Clinical data were collected at baseline and after intervention, with paired t test used to evaluate statistically significant change. After 3 months of intervention, average resting HR decreased from 94±14 beats per minute to 85±12 beats per minute. Average metoprolol succinate dose at the end of the study was 121 mg. None of the outcomes improved significantly after the intervention, including exercise tolerance (meters walked on 6-minute walk test 326±83 vs 330±86), quality of life (Minnesota Living With Heart Failure Questionnaire score of 42.5±19 vs 38±21), and brain natriuretic peptide (242±306 pg/mL vs 279±395 pg/mL). Aggressive HR control was difficult in this group of patients with chronic AF and HF due to patient intolerance of increasing doses of β-blockade, and not associated with improved outcomes. Further studies are needed to establish guidelines for target HR in patients with chronic AF who also have significant HF.",
"Arterolane (RBx 11160) maleate is a novel, rapidly acting synthetic trioxolane antimalarial compound being developed by Ranbaxy Research Laboratories (Haryana, India). It is presently under phase III in combination with piperaquine phosphate. The present work reports the relationship between pharmacokinetic (PK) parameter (AUC(0-8h) on day 0/day 6) and indices of pharmacodynamic (PD) response (50% parasite clearance [PC(50)], 90% parasite clearance [PC(90)], parasite clearance time [PCT], recrudescence) from a phase II, double-blind, multicenter, randomized, parallel-group, dose-ranging trial. Patients with acute uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria were randomized to 1 of 3 arterolane maleate (50, 100, and 200 mg) doses for 7 consecutive days. Plasma concentration data were available from 78, 76, and 75 patients receiving a 50-, 100-, and 200-mg dose, respectively. Based on PD modeling, its limitations and assumptions, minimum 150-mg dose arterolane maleate was recommended to optimize the probability of maximum therapeutic benefits for an adult. Doses higher than 100 mg are unlikely to reduce the probability of recrudescence. This study re-stresses the need of combining short and long-acting drugs to prevent resistance development and minimize recrudescence.",
"In patients with AF and heart failure with a predominantly preserved EF, the stringency of rate control seems to have no effect on cardiovascular morbidity and mortality, symptoms, and quality of life.",
"This large head-to-head comparison of most currently available ACTs in sub-Saharan Africa showed that AL, ASAQ, and DHAPQ had excellent efficacy, up to day 63 post-treatment. The risk of recurrent infections was significantly lower for DHAPQ, followed by ASAQ and then AL, supporting the recent recommendation of considering DHAPQ as a valid option for the treatment of uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria.",
"A short-term pharmaceutical care intervention improved patients' mental health and self-efficacy, although it did not significantly change the number and severity of headaches. The increase in self-efficacy and mental health associated with pharmaceutical care may be instrumental in improving long-term pharmacotherapy of patients with migraine and headache. To fully assess the effects of pharmaceutical care, a longer study may be required.",
"Results suggest there is room for improvement in choice of agents prescribed. We propose additional education and training of clinicians to improve adherence to clinical practice guidelines.",
"Thai adult males (N = 85) with acute Plasmodium vivax malaria and normal glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase screening were randomized to receive 30 mg or 60 mg primaquine daily for 7 days (N = 43 and 42, respectively). The regimens were well tolerated and all patients recovered fully. Median fever clearance (47 hours; range 4 to 130 hours), mean + or - SD parasite clearance times (87.7 + or - 25.3 hours), gametocyte clearance, and adverse effects were similar in the 2 groups. Two patients, 1 from each group, had a 30% reduction in hematocrit. The cumulative 28 day relapse rate (95% confidence interval) by Kaplan Meier survival analysis was 29% (16-49%) in the 30 mg group compared with 7% (2-24%) in the 60 mg group; P = 0.027. Comparison with previous data obtained at this same site suggests that the recurrences comprised approximately 17% recrudescences and 12% relapses in the 30 mg/day group compared with 3% recrudescences and 4% relapses in the 60 mg/day group. These data suggest that the dose-response relationships for primaquine's asexual stage and hypnozoitocidal activities in-vivo are different. A 1 week course of primaquine 60 mg daily is an effective treatment of vivax malaria in this region.",
"Pharmacodynamic analysis suggests that 3 doses of artesunate were not inferior to 5 doses for the treatment of severe malaria in children.",
"This study provides reassuring data on the use of MQ IPTp in HIV-infected pregnant women. However frequent, adverse reactions remained moderate and did not impair adherence to MQ IPTp. In this high-risk group, MQ might be an acceptable alternative in case sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine loses its efficacy for intermittent preventive treatment.",
"Nitroglycerin (NTG), a NO donor, induces an attack in migraine patients approximately 4-6 h after administration. The causative mechanisms are not known, but the long delay leaves room for a central effect, such as a change in neuronal excitability and synaptic transmission of various CNS areas involved in pain and behaviour including trigeminal nucleus caudalis and monoaminergic brain stem nuclei. To explore the central action of NTG, we have studied its effects on amplitude and habituation of the nociceptive blink reflex (nBR) and the visual evoked potential (VEP) before, 1 h and 4 h after administration of NTG (1.2 mg sublingual) or placebo (vehicle sublingual) in two groups of 10 healthy volunteers. We found a significant decrease in nBR pain and reflex thresholds both 1 and 4 h post-NTG. At the 4 h time point R2 latency was shorter (p=0.04) and R2 response area increased (p<0.01) after NTG but not after placebo. Habituation tended to become more pronounced after both NTG and placebo administration. There was a significant amplitude increase in the 5th VEP block (p=0.03) at 1h after NTG and in the 1st block (p=0.04) at 4 h. VEP habituation was replaced by potentiation at both delays after NTG; the change in habituation slope was significant at 1h (p=0.02). There were no significant VEP changes in subjects who received sublingual placebo. In conclusion, we found that in healthy subjects sublingual NTG, but not its vehicle, induces changes in a trigeminal nociceptive reflex and an evoked cortical response which are comparable to those found immediately before and during an attack of migraine. These changes could be relevant for the attack-triggering effect of NTG in migraineurs.",
"Blood pressure (BP) behavior during exercise is not clear in hypertensive patients with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). The authors studied 57 men with newly diagnosed essential hypertension and untreated OSA (apnea-hypopnea index [AHI] ≥5) but without daytime sleepiness (Epworth Sleepiness Scale score ≤10), and an equal number of hypertensive controls without OSA matched for age, body mass index, and office systolic BP. All patients underwent ambulatory BP measurements, transthoracic echocardiography, and exercise treadmill testing according to the Bruce protocol. A hypertensive response to exercise (HRE) was defined as peak systolic BP ≥210 mm Hg. Patients with OSA and control patients had similar ambulatory and resting BP, ejection fraction, and left ventricular mass. Peak systolic BP was significantly higher in patients with OSA (197.6±25.6 mm Hg vs 187.8±23.6 mm Hg; P=.03), while peak diastolic BP and heart rate did not differ between groups. Furthermore, an HRE was more prevalent in patients with OSA (44% vs 19%; P=.009). Multiple logistic regression revealed that an HRE is independently predicted by both the logAHI and minimum oxygen saturation during sleep (odds ratio, 3.94; confidence interval, 1.69-9.18; P=.001 and odds ratio, 0.94; confidence interval, 0.89-0.99; P=.02, respectively). Exaggerated BP response is more prevalent in nonsleepy hypertensives with OSA compared with their nonapneic counterparts. This finding may have distinct diagnostic and prognostic implications.",
"The study was funded by European Foundation for the Study of Diabetes and the Dutch Diabetes Research Foundation.",
"The results of the study in a small population of healthy Chinese men suggest that the PK properties of ivabradine are linear with respect to dosing. After single and repeated oral administration of ivabradine, a significant decrease in heart rate was observed. Ivabradine appeared well tolerated in the population studied. Trial identifier: ACTRN1261300027741.",
"We suggest that acupuncture could be considered a treatment option for CM patients willing to undergo this prophylactic treatment, even for those patients with medication overuse.",
"For patients with diabetes and multivessel CAD, CABG surgery provided slightly better intermediate-term health status and quality of life than PCI using drug-eluting stents. The magnitude of benefit was small, without consistent differences beyond 2 years, in part due to the higher rate of repeat revascularization with PCI.",
"The adhesion of Plasmodium falciparum-infected erythrocytes (IRBC) to receptors on different host cells plays a divergent yet critical role in determining the progression and outcome of the infection. Based on our ex vivo studies with clinical parasite isolates from adult Thai patients, we have previously proposed a paradigm for IRBC cytoadherence under physiological shear stress that consists of a recruitment cascade mediated largely by P-selectin, ICAM-1 and CD36 on primary human dermal microvascular endothelium (HDMEC). In addition, we detected post-adhesion signaling events involving Src family kinases and the adaptor protein p130CAS in endothelial cells that lead to CD36 clustering and cytoskeletal rearrangement which enhance the magnitude of the adhesive strength, allowing adherent IRBC to withstand shear stress of up to 20 dynes/cm². In this study, we addressed whether CD36 supports IRBC adhesion as part of an assembly of membrane receptors. Using a combination of flow chamber assay, atomic force and confocal microscopy, we showed for the first time by loss- and gain-of function assays that in the resting state, the integrin α₅β₁ does not support adhesive interactions between IRBC and HDMEC. Upon IRBC adhesion to CD36, the integrin is recruited either passively as part of a molecular complex with CD36, or actively to the site of IRBC attachment through phosphorylation of Src family kinases, a process that is Ca²⁺-dependent. Clustering of β1 integrin is associated with an increase in IRBC recruitment as well as in adhesive strength after attachment (∼40% in both cases). The adhesion of IRBC to a multimolecular complex on the surface of endothelial cells could be of critical importance in enabling adherent IRBC to withstand the high shear stress in the microcirculations. Targeting integrins may provide a novel approach to decrease IRBC cytoadherence to microvascular endothelium.",
"It has been proposed that several neurohumoral factors may be involved in the genesis of vascular structural changes (remodeling or hypertrophy) frequently observed in essential hypertension. Therefore, in this study we investigated vascular structural alterations of subcutaneous small resistance arteries in patients with secondary forms of hypertension. The study included 70 participants: 11 with pheochromocytoma, 13 with primary aldosteronism, and 17 with renovascular hypertension; 13 normotensive subjects and 16 patients with essential hypertension served as controls. All subjects were submitted to a biopsy of subcutaneous fat. Small resistance arteries were dissected and mounted on a micromyograph, and media-lumen ratio, media thickness, remodeling index, and growth index were evaluated. Endothelial function was evaluated according to the dose-response curve to acetylcholine. In patients with either primary aldosteronism or renovascular hypertension, a marked increase in media-lumen ratio was observed, whereas in patients with pheochromocytoma, the extent of vascular structural alterations was similar to that observed in patients with essential hypertension. The increase in media-lumen ratio in patients with essential hypertension and with pheochromocytoma was mainly due to vascular remodeling (remodeling index, 93% to 94%), whereas in patients with renovascular hypertension, there was vascular growth (remodeling index, 70%; growth index, 53%). Patients with primary aldosteronism had an intermediate pattern compared with the other two forms of secondary hypertension. An evident impairment of endothelial function was observed in all four hypertensive groups. In conclusion, the renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system seems to be more powerful than the adrenergic system in inducing vascular growth.",
"The LA anatomical and electrical remodeling does not have a negative impact on atrial mechanical function. Hence, a possible link between these risk factors for AF and its actual, rare occurrence in this athlete population, could not be uncovered in the present study.",
"Receiving NAC could prevent TGF-β levels from increasing after 72 h as compared with not receiving NAC. As TGF-β had strong correlations with the ejection fraction, its antagonism seems to be important in the prevention of remodeling.",
"The structured CLIP program was more effective than qualitative lifestyle advice in improving weight, waist circumference and LDL-cholesterol without adverse effects on plasma carotenoids over a 6 week period. This program may therefore assist in comprehensive risk factor management, although the sustainability of these benefits needs confirmation.",
"PACTR: PACTR201105000297151.",
"Our data suggest an association between migraine and RLS at the population level. The association is similar for migraine with and without aura and for new reports of migraine during follow-up.",
"The therapeutic efficacy and effects of artemether-lumefantrine (AL) and artesunate-amodiaquine co-formulated (AAcf) or co-packaged (AAcp) on malaria-associated anemia (MAA) were evaluated in 285 children < 12 years of age with uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria randomized to receive one of the three drug combinations. Fever and parasite clearance times were similar in all treatment groups. Mean drug-attributable fall in hematocrit (DAFH), defined as difference between hematocrit values pre- and 3 d post-initiation of treatment, was low (< 4.5%) and rates of recovery from MAA were similar with all treatments. Mean areas under curve (AUCs) of the plot of deficit in hematocrit levels from 30% versus time in anemic children were similar in all groups. All regimens were well tolerated. AL, AAcf and AAcp cleared fever and parasitemia rapidly and had similar rates of resolution of MAA after treatment in malarious Nigerian children.",
"It is feasible and safe to use a remote RCS for MI ablation, including "driving into the CS." MI block was achieved in 98% with a significant reduction in the need for CS ablation (48%). There is a short learning curve.",
"null",
"In HCAP patients, the occurrence of concomitant PTB is comparable with that in CAP patients and associated with higher PSI scores, more acute respiratory failure, and higher in-hospital mortality.",
"STEMI complicated by resuscitated CA merits careful monitoring in the early period postevent. In contemporary practice, there is no impact of resuscitated CA on longer-term prognosis.",
"When DES became available in North America, patients were more likely to be selected into the PCI-intended stratum. Compared with patients receiving BMS, those receiving DES tended to have less target vessel revascularization and angina.",
"Progression increased with lower DBP, lower MAP, antihypertensive medication, lower EDV in the OA and SPCA, and higher RI in the OA and SPCA. The risk for progression in patients treated with DT was half that in patients treated with BT.",
"The Combination Therapy of Hypertension to Prevent Cardiovascular Events (COPE) trial compared the dihydropyridine T/L-type calcium channel blocker benidipine-based therapies when combined with an angiotensin receptor blocker (ARB), a β-blocker (BB) or a thiazide diuretic (TD). The results suggested that benidipine combined with a BB appeared to be less beneficial in reducing the risk of stroke compared with the benidipine-TD combination (hazard ratio (HR): 2.31, P=0.0109). We further evaluated the treatment effects on different stroke subtypes among the three benidipine-based regimens. The COPE trial was an investigator-initiated, multicenter study with PROBE design. Patients with atrial fibrillation or flutter were excluded from the study. All stroke events were subclassified with the Trial of Org 10,172 in Acute Stroke Treatment (TOAST) criteria. The total incidence of stroke was 4.7, hemorrhagic stroke was 1.6 and ischemic stroke was 2.5 per 1000 person-years. The incidence of lacunar stroke was 1.1, large-artery stroke was 0.6, cardioembolic stroke was 0.3, unknown ischemic type was 0.6 and transient ischemic attack was 0.6 per 1000 person-years. Although few differences in stroke subtypes were observed among the three treatment groups, multi-adjusted HRs for the incidence rates of all types of stroke, hemorrhagic stroke and ischemic stroke were significantly higher with the benidipine-BB regimen than with the benidipine-TD regimen. The incidence of both hemorrhagic and ischemic stroke in the benidipine-ARB regimen was not different compared with the other two treatment regimens. This prespecified sub-analysis suggested that a blood pressure-lowering therapy with a benidipine-TD regimen might be beneficial for hypertensive patients to prevent both hemorrhagic and ischemic stroke.",
"The severity of LV remodelling did not affect survival after SVR plus CABG. The results of SVR were acceptable even for those with globally akinetic LV due to ischaemic cardiomyopathy.",
"As first choice therapy in high-pressure, at-risk exfoliation patients, BTFC controlled mean 24-h IOP significantly better than latanoprost monotherapy.",
"This pre-specified subgroup analysis from the ASTRONAUT trial generates the hypothesis that the addition of aliskiren to standard HHF therapy in non-diabetic patients is generally well-tolerated and improves post-discharge outcomes and biomarker profiles. In contrast, diabetic patients receiving aliskiren appear to have worse post-discharge outcomes. Future prospective investigations are needed to confirm potential benefits of renin inhibition in a large cohort of HHF patients without DM.",
"This is the first study in humans to demonstrate that IVIG influences the Id-anti-Id network of a specific pathogenic autoantibody. Specifically, we showed that IVIG enhanced the anti-Id antibody response in pregnant women with anti-La/SSB antibodies. A high Id:anti-Id ratio in both the IVIG preparation and the maternal serum may explain the absence of an effect of IVIG in preventing recurrent neonatal lupus in some cases.",
"Monthly automated telephone reminders, a 1-time educational session, and increased contact with a physician did not improve adherence rate with glaucoma medications. Depression and hypochondriasis personality types were related to poor adherence and highlight the role of psychosocial factors in medication adherence.",
"Over 50% of the patients with LCX-related myocardial infarction treated with PCI had ST elevations in the initial electrocardiogram. STEMIs were more often associated with total vessel occlusions or haemodynamic instability. In-hospital mortality was significantly higher in patients with LCX-related STEMI.",
"RDTs in the hands of CHWs may safely improve early and well-targeted ACT treatment in malaria patients at community level in Africa.",
"Atrial fibrillation (AF) is associated with increased risk of stroke that can be attenuated with vitamin K antagonists (VKAs). Vitamin K antagonist use is limited, in part, by the high incidence of complications when patients' international normalized ratios (INRs) deviate from the target range. The primary objective of ARISTOTLE is to determine if the factor Xa inhibitor, apixaban, is noninferior to warfarin at reducing the combined endpoint of stroke (ischemic or hemorrhagic) and systemic embolism in patients with AF and at least 1 additional risk factor for stroke. We have randomized 18,206 patients from over 1,000 centers in 40 countries. Patients were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive apixaban or warfarin using a double-blind, double-dummy design. International normalized ratios are monitored and warfarin (or placebo) is adjusted aiming for a target INR range of 2 to 3 using a blinded, encrypted point-of-care device. Minimum treatment is 12 months, and maximum expected exposure is 4 years. Time to accrual of at least 448 primary efficacy events will determine treatment duration. The key secondary objectives are to determine if apixaban is superior to warfarin for the combined endpoint of stroke (ischemic or hemorrhagic) and systemic embolism, and for all-cause death. These will be tested after the primary objective using a closed test procedure. The noninferiority boundary is 1.38; apixaban will be declared noninferior if the 95% CI excludes the possibility that the primary outcome rate with apixaban is >1.38 times higher than with warfarin. ARISTOTLE will determine whether apixaban is noninferior or superior to warfarin in preventing stroke and systemic embolism; whether apixaban has particular benefits in the warfarin-naïve population; whether it reduces the combined rate of stroke, systemic embolism, and death; and whether it impacts bleeding.",
"We undertook a multi-institutional, retrospective study of 51 patients with adrenal tumors (pheochromocytomas, functioning and nonfunctioning cortical adenomas, cysts and carcinomas). All patients had computed tomography (CT) with a maximum of 5 millimeter cuts the week before undergoing complete adrenalectomy. Pathologists were asked to measure the tumor to the nearest 0.1 centimeter. Tumor size obtained from pathologic reports (actual size) and CT reports (estimated size) were compared. Adrenal tumors were divided into two groups on the basis of size--tumors with actual size of 6 centimeters or greater and tumors with actual size of less than 6 centimeters. Statistical analysis was performed with Newman-Keuls analysis of variance. After controlling for tumor type and for the institution at which the measurement was made, we found that CT consistently underestimated adrenal tumor size in both tumor groups. Moreover, the average, underestimated difference for tumors 6 centimeters or greater was 32 percent, but 47 percent for tumors less than 6 centimeters (p = 0.060). CT seemed to underestimate the size of small adrenal tumors more than large tumors. Because the decision to operate on solid, nonfunctioning adrenal tumors is based on tumor size and because CT is currently the standard technique used to estimate size, our findings need to be considered before undertaking surgical treatment.",
"Due to heightened risk for thromboembolic complications, nonvalvular atrial fibrillation (NVAF) presents an absolute indication for long-term oral anticoagulation therapy. This was an observational, analytical, randomised, one-year clinical study, conducted in the Blood Transfusion Institute Sarajevo, Bosnia & Herzegovina. The aim of this study was to present the oral anticoagulation treatment in terms of International normalised ratio (INR) monitoring and warfarin/acenocoumarol dose titration in 117 patients with NVAF. INR values, the doses of warfarin and acenocoumarol, as well as the tendency and adequacy of their changes were monitored. Percentages of the therapeutic INR values were 51,77% and 53,62%, subtherapeutic 42,84% and 35,86%, and supratherapeutic 5,39% and 10,53% for the warfarin and acenocoumarol treatment, respectively. The average total weekly doses (TWD) which most frequently achieved the therapeutic INR values were 27,89+/-12,34 mg and 20,44+/-9,94 mg, for warfarin and acenocoumarol, respectively. The dose changes with the INR values 1,7 or lower/3,3 or higher were omitted in 13,46% and 15,63%, and with the INR values 1,8-3,2 were noted in 8,62% and 13,48% of all the check-up visits in the warfarin and acenocoumarol group, respectively. The annual dose changes were noted in 24,65% and 31,41%, and the daily dose changes in 74,43% and 73,36% of all the check-up visits of warfarin and acenocoumarol group, respectively. We can conclude that the management of the oral anticoagulation treatment in our country is in accordance with the relevant recommendations, but with the present tendency toward underdosing and unnecessary frequent dose changing.",
"In conclusion, besides MS, SS may be a valuable marker to identify patients at high risk for CIN in patients undergoing primary percutaneous intervention.",
"Vardenafil was effective in men with dyslipidemia regardless of LDL-C levels, TC/HDL-C ratio, and/or presence of metabolic syndrome. Despite the known presence of ED and dyslipidemia, other cardiovascular risk factors were apparently not aggressively managed.",
"AF detection through any means immediately after stroke holds strong PPV for confirmation after 90 days, justifying treatment decisions on early monitoring alone. However, failure to identify AF through early monitoring has only modest NPV even after 7 days of monitoring; repeated investigation is desirable.",
"null",
"The arterial diameter dilatation during IOP elevation in dorzolamide-treated eyes could be an accelerated counter-regulation on the induced elevated IOP and could constitute an additional therapeutic effect.",
"From a clinical point of view, the overall results seem to indicate that the 3 prostaglandin analogs are powerful agents in controlling round-the-clock IOP in POAG and OH patients.",
"Dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine is a new, highly effective, and well-tolerated combination treatment for uncomplicated falciparum malaria. The lipophilic characteristic of piperaquine suggests that administration together with fat will increase the oral bioavailability of the drug, and this has been reported for healthy volunteers. This pharmacokinetic study monitored 30 adult patients with uncomplicated falciparum malaria for 4.5 months to evaluate the effects of the concomitant intake of fat on the total piperaquine exposure. The fixed-drug combination of dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine was given with water to fasting patients (n = 15) or was coadministered with 200 ml milk containing 6.4 g fat (n = 15). The drug combination was generally well tolerated, and there were no severe adverse effects reported for either group during the study. Total piperaquine exposure (area under the concentration-time curve from zero to infinity [AUC(0-∞)]; results are given as medians [ranges]) were not statistically different between fed (29.5 h · μg/ml [20.6 to 58.7 h · μg/ml]) and fasting (23.9 h · μg/ml [11.9 to 72.9 h · μg/ml]) patients, but the interindividual variation was reduced in the fed group. Overall, none of the pharmacokinetic parameters differed statistically between the groups. Total piperaquine exposure correlated well with the day 7 concentrations in the fasted group, but the fed group showed a poor correlation. In conclusion, the coadministration of 6.4 g fat did not have any significant effect on piperaquine pharmacokinetics in the treatment of uncomplicated malaria.",
"The few reports that have been published on the current International Classification of Headache Disorders, Second Edition (ICHD-II), criteria for migralepsy and hemicrania epileptica have highlighted the considerable confusion regarding this "hot topic" within both headache and epilepsy classifications (ICHD-II and International League Against Epilepsy [ILAE]). Indeed, the ICHD-II describes a migraine-triggered seizure as a rare event in which a seizure occurs during migraine aura; on the other hand, hemicrania epileptica is described as an "ictal headache" that occurs "synchronously" with a partial seizure. To confuse matters even further, neither the term migralepsy nor the term hemicrania epileptica is included in the currently used ILAE classification. On the basis of both a review of "migralepsy" cases in the literature and 16 additional retrospective multicenter cases, we suggest that the term migraine-triggered seizure or migralepsy be deleted from the ICHD-II classification until unequivocal evidence is provided of its existence, and that the term ictal epileptic headache be introduced into the ILAE classification.",
"A consensus on what constitutes a clinically meaningful periprocedural myocardial infarction (PMI) remains highly debated. We evaluated the accuracy of 2 PMI definitions currently implemented for quality outcome assessment and clinical trial end points. Patients who underwent elective percutaneous coronary intervention with normal baseline troponin-I and creatine kinase-MB were included. PMI was defined according to either the 2007 Task Force (National Cardiovascular Database Registry [NCDR] CathPCI Registry) definition or the updated 2012 Task Force definition. Multivariate analysis was performed for the end point of 1-year all-cause death or myocardial infarction (MI). Of the 7,333 patients included, 31.9% and 2.1% were identified as having a PMI by NCDR or 2012 definition, respectively. Mean age was 66±11 years; 66.8% were men, 1.4±0.9 stents implanted per patient, 84.5% bivalirudin use, and 29.7 type C lesions. Death or MI occurred in 5.6% of NCDR and 6.6% of 2012 defined patients. Neither biomarker was independently associated with death or MI for either definition (NCDR odds ratio 1.1, 95% confidence interval 0.9 to 1.5, p=0.34; 2012 Task Force odds ratio 1.4, 95% confidence interval 0.7 to 3.0, p=0.38). Only a modest correlation exists for either definition to predict death or MI, which did not improve for the 2012 definition. In conclusion, PMI definitions currently used for catheterization lab quality metrics and those used for clinical trial end points have poor discrimination for adverse events. Although the 2012 definition drastically reduced the number of PMIs defined, it did not decrease the predictive accuracy over the NCDR definition.",
"This study provides Class I evidence that 2 mg of prolonged release melatonin given 1 hour before bedtime for a duration of 8 weeks did not result in a reduction in migraine frequency compared with placebo (p = 0.497).",
"Subjects with symptomatic, persistent/high-burden paroxysmal atrial fibrillation (AF) were enrolled at 6 centers (n=86) and randomized to 1 of 2 arms. For group I, all CFAE regions with an interval confidence level >7 were ablated followed by pulmonary vein isolation (PVI). For group II, only CFAE sites with continuous electric activity were ablated followed by PVI. For PVI, all 4 PV antra were isolated with confirmed entrance block. Subjects were followed for 1 year with a visit, ECG, and 48-hour Holter every 3 months. Symptoms were confirmed by loop recording. The primary end point was freedom from arrhythmia >30 seconds at 1 year. For both group I and II, CFAE ablation prolonged AF cycle length (25±33 versus 23±33 ms; P=0.78) and resulted in similar rates of AF termination (37% versus 28%; P=0.42). Radiofrequency duration during CFAE ablation was significantly less in group II (23±20 versus 38±20 minutes; P=0.002). At 1-year follow-up, freedom from AF/atrial flutter/atrial tachycardia recurrence was significantly higher in group I versus group II after 1 procedure (50% versus 28%; P=0.03). There were also significantly fewer repeat procedures in group I (13% versus 36%; P=0.021).",
"In an open-label, 24-month trial, 721 de novo heart transplant recipients were randomized to everolimus 1.5 mg or 3.0 mg with reduced-dose cyclosporine, or mycophenolate mofetil (MMF) 3 g/day with standard-dose cyclosporine (plus corticosteroids ± induction). Primary efficacy endpoint was the 12-month composite incidence of biopsy-proven acute rejection, acute rejection associated with hemodynamic compromise, graft loss/retransplant, death or loss to follow-up. Everolimus 1.5 mg was noninferior to MMF for this endpoint at month 12 (35.1% vs. 33.6%; difference 1.5% [97.5% CI: -7.5%, 10.6%]) and month 24. Mortality to month 3 was higher with everolimus 1.5 mg versus MMF in patients receiving rabbit antithymocyte globulin (rATG) induction, mainly due to infection, but 24-month mortality was similar (everolimus 1.5 mg 10.6% [30/282], MMF 9.2% [25/271]). Everolimus 3.0 mg was terminated prematurely due to higher mortality. The mean (SD) 12-month increase in maximal intimal thickness was 0.03 (0.05) mm with everolimus 1.5 mg versus 0.07 (0.11) mm with MMF (p < 0.001). Everolimus 1.5 mg was inferior to MMF for renal function but comparable in patients achieving predefined reduced cyclosporine trough concentrations. Nonfatal serious adverse events were more frequent with everolimus 1.5 mg versus MMF. Everolimus 1.5 mg with reduced-dose cyclosporine offers similar efficacy to MMF with standard-dose cyclosporine and reduces intimal proliferation at 12 months in de novo heart transplant recipients.",
"We aimed to evaluate immunological, virological and clinical response to HAART, as well as all-cause mortality, in treatment-naive patients with a diagnosis of tuberculosis (TB) in the prior 6 months, compared to subjects with another AIDS-defining illness (ADI) or event-free individuals in an open, prospective and multicenter hospital-based cohort of HIV-infected naive adults (2004-2008). All cause mortality rates were calculated by Cox regression models. Among 4407 patients, 2400 (54.5%) started HAART: 110 (4.6%) had had previous TB and 414 (17.3%) another ADI. Median time from TB diagnosis to inititation of HAART was 53 days (IQR: 25.75-83.25), and for other ADI was 22 days (IQR: 8-42). Overall, 151 (6.3%) patients developed a new ADI during follow-up; 63% reached virological suppression and 69.4% had increases of ≥50 CD4+/µl, at 6 months. No statistically significant differences were found according to a previous history of TB or another ADI. Overall, 85 subjects died in 4031 person-years of follow-up with a mortality rate of 2.1 (95%CI: 1.7-2.6). When compared to subjects who started HAART in the absence of a previous ADI (HR 1), a prior diagnosis of an ADI other than TB was significantly associated with an increased risk of death. (HR 1.6; 95%CI: 1.1-2.3), but not a diagnosis of TB (HR 1.15; 95%CI: 0.5-2.5). In conclusion, a previous diagnosis of TB or another ADI before HAART did not compromise short-term virological and immunological response to treatment. A prior diagnosis of an ADI different to TB significantly increased all cause mortality.",
"http://www.controlled-trials.com. Unique identifier: ISRCTN89345269.",
"Electrical cardioversion has a favourable safety profile and appears to be a more effective method than pharmacological cardioversion for the treatment of permanent AF after cardiac valve replacement, once the heart has returned close to its normal size.",
"Compared to a subject's usual treatment, SumaRT/Nap used early and consistently for treatment of acute migraine offers important clinical improvements, including lessening of associated symptoms beyond International Headache Society criteria.",
"Migraine, particularly migraine with aura, and increased body weight are independent risk factors for cardiovascular disease (CVD). The association of weight change and clinical markers of CVD risk was evaluated in subjects participating in a randomized double-blind, parallel-group study of migraine-preventive treatment comparing 100 mg/day of topiramate and amitriptyline. Individuals from both treatment groups were pooled and stratified into three groups. The 'major weight gain' group gained > or = 5% of their baseline body weight at the conclusion of the study; the 'major weight loss' group lost > or = 5% of their baseline body weight. The third group had < 5% of weight change. The influence of weight change in headache outcomes, as well as in markers of CVD (blood pressure, cholesterol, C-reactive protein), was assessed using analysis of covariance. Of 331 subjects, 52 (16%) experienced major weight gain and 56 (17%) experienced major weight loss. Weight change was not associated with differential efficacy for the treatment of headache. However, contrasted with those with major weight loss, those who gained weight experienced elevations in mean diastolic blood pressure (+2.5 vs. -1.2 mmHg), heart rate (+7.6 vs. -1.3 beats per minute), glycosylated haemoglobin (+0.09% vs. -0.04%), total cholesterol (+6.4 vs. -6.3 mg/dl), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (+7.0 vs. -4.4 mg/dl) and triglycerides (+15.3 vs. -10.4 mg/dl) and an increase in high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (+1.8 vs. -1.9 mg/l). Both groups experienced decreases in systolic blood pressure (-4.0 vs. -1.3 mmHg) and high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (-3.7 vs. -0.8 mg/dl). Increased weight during migraine treatment is not associated with poor headache treatment outcomes, but is associated with deterioration of CVD risk markers.",
"Twenty percent IOP reduction using latanoprost monotherapy is not associated with improvement in RGC function measured with PERGLA.",
"Contraindications to OAC therapy among patients with AF are common but subjective. Many patients with reported contraindications were receiving OAC, suggesting that the perceived benefit outweighed the potential harm posed by the relative contraindication.",
"This study was unable to demonstrate a difference between IV MgSO4 10 mmol and saline placebo for reducing heart rate or conversion to sinus rhythm at 2 hours posttreatment in ED patients with AF of less than 48 hours duration.",
"The presence of PPM did not influence medium-term survival. However, patients without PPM showed a marked reduction in left ventricular mass index as soon as 3 months postoperatively.",
"Preoperative statin significantly reduces the incidence of AF after elective isolated off-pump CABG in Japanese patients.",
"There are no practical criteria for the use of triple antiplatelet therapy after drug-eluting stent (DES) implantation. In our present report, pooled analysis of 3 randomized studies in patients with diabetes mellitus (Drug-Eluting Stenting Followed by Cilostazol treatment reduces LAte Restenosis in patients with diabetes mellitus trial) and long coronary narrowings (Drug-Eluting Stenting Followed by Cilostazol Treatment Reduces Late Restenosis in Patients with Long Coronary Lesions trials I and II) compared triple (aspirin, clopidogrel, and cilostazol; triple group, n = 700) and dual antiplatelet therapies (aspirin and clopidogrel; dual group, n = 699) after DES implantation. Among pooled population (n = 1,399 patients), 1,173 patients with follow-up angiography were divided into 3 stent length categories (≤20, 20 to 40, and >40 mm). There was no statistical significance of in-stent restenosis (ISR) in ≤20- and 20- to 40-mm categories between 2 groups. However, ISR rate was significantly reduced in triple versus dual group in >40-mm stent length category (12.4% vs 22.1%, p = 0.008). In diabetic patients, triple group also showed significant reduction in the ISR rate in >40-mm stent length category (15.4% vs 32.3%, p = 0.003). According to postprocedural minimal lumen diameter, triple group showed a trend toward a lower ISR than that of the dual group in all categories (p = 0.033 for ≤2.5 mm, p = 0.087 for 2.5 to 3.0 mm, and p = 0.119 for >3.0 mm). In conclusion, the triple group had a significantly reduced ISR in patients with >40-mm stent length after DES implantation compared with the dual group. Therefore, this suggestion for use of triple antiplatelet therapy could be easily applied after DES implantation in routine clinical practice.",
"Our results suggest that the three PG analogues significantly reduce IOP and increase OPP in patients with POAG or OHT. Topical travoprost and latanoprost significantly reduce the RI of the CRA and OA, respectively. We were unable to determine any effect of topical bimatoprost on ocular haemodynamics.",
"The fixed combination of brimonidine and timolol was well-tolerated and provided significantly better IOP control compared with either brimonidine or timolol used alone.",
"The German Federal Ministry of Education and Research, Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft, 3M Medica, and MEDA Pharmaceuticals.",
"Hematologic changes in acute and convalescent uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria have not been well studied, particularly in young children in Africa. Hematologic data were obtained for 3,044 children less than five years of age in seven randomized controlled trials at 14 sites. Using paired analysis between day 28 and baseline in patients without parasitologic failure as a proxy for malaria-induced effects, we found a statistically significant but clinically modest increase in leukocyte counts (5%) resulting from a larger increase in neutrophils (43%) than the decrease in lymphocytes counts (-16%); levels of hemoglobin and platelets decreased (-13% and -49%, respectively). Multivariate random effects analysis showed trends during follow-up (increased levels of hemoglobin, platelets and lymphocytes, and decreased levels of leukocytes and neutrophils) and identified explanatory variables. The risk of neutropenia increased with follow-up time independent of treatment outcome, and was lower with age, higher baseline parasitemia, and artemisinin combination treatment. These analyses provides information on hematologic variations caused by malaria.",
"This open-label randomized trial compared isoniazid (9 months) to rifampin (4 months) on toxicity and completion in a jailed population with latent tuberculosis infection. Rifampin resulted in fewer elevated liver function tests (risk ratio [RR] 0.39, 95% confidence interval [CI] [0.18, 0.86]) and less toxicity requiring medication withdrawal (RR 0.51, 95% CI [0.13, 2.01]), although one participant receiving rifampin experienced an allergic reaction. Completion was achieved for 33% receiving rifampin compared to 26% receiving isoniazid (p = .10). With careful monitoring rifampin is a safe and less toxic regimen and appears to be a reasonable alternative because of its shorter duration, allowing more people to complete treatment behind bars. Therapy completion in released inmates is unacceptably low and ensuring follow-up after discharge must be part of a decision to treat.",
"Flow-sensitive MRI shows that patients with a history of AF had global hemodynamics in the LA similar to those of age-matched volunteers. Additional studies with larger cohorts of AF patients and correlation with outcome are needed to further investigate the potential of atrial 4D flow MRI to flow patterns indicative of stroke risk in AF.",
"We determined the diagnostic yield of the Xpert MTB/RIF assay for tuberculosis (TB) when testing small volumes of urine from ambulatory HIV-infected patients before starting antiretroviral therapy in South Africa. Compared with a gold standard of sputum culture, the sensitivity of urine Xpert among those with CD4 cell counts of <50, 50-100, and >100 cells per microliter were 44.4%, 25.0%, and 2.7% (P = 0.001), respectively. Urine Xpert testing provides a means of rapid TB diagnosis in patients with advanced immunodeficiency and poor prognosis. These data are indicative of high rates of TB dissemination and renal involvement in this clinical population.",
"Adherence, intentional or not, to a simple warfarin dosing algorithm predicts improved TTR and accounts for considerable TTR variation between centers and countries. Systems facilitating algorithm-based warfarin dosing could optimize anticoagulation quality and improve clinical outcomes in atrial fibrillation on a global scale.",
"in young adults with ischemic stroke, low cardiovascular risk profile, right-to-left shunt, and an underlying procoagulant state are predictors of migraine with aura. The biological effects of these factors should be considered in future studies aimed at investigating the mechanisms linking migraine to brain ischemia.",
"Artemether-lumefantrine and nevirapine-based antiretroviral therapy (ART) are the most commonly recommended first-line treatments for malaria and HIV, respectively, in Africa. Artemether, lumefantrine, and nevirapine are metabolized by the cytochrome P450 3A4 enzyme system, which nevirapine induces, creating potential for important drug interactions. In a parallel-design pharmacokinetic study, concentration-time profiles were obtained in two groups of HIV-infected patients: ART-naïve patients and those stable on nevirapine-based therapy. Both groups received the recommended artemether-lumefantrine dose. Patients were admitted for intense pharmacokinetic sampling (0 to 72 h) with outpatient sampling until 21 days. Concentrations of lumefantrine, artemether, dihydroartemisinin, and nevirapine were determined by validated liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) methods. The primary outcome was observed day 7 lumefantrine concentrations, as these are associated with therapeutic response in malaria. We enrolled 36 patients (32 females). Median (range) day 7 lumefantrine concentrations were 622 ng/ml (185 to 2,040 ng/ml) and 336 ng/ml (29 to 934 ng/ml) in the nevirapine and ART-naïve groups, respectively (P = 0.0002). The median artemether area under the plasma concentration-time curve from 0 to 8 h [AUC((0-8 h))] (P < 0.0001) and dihydroartemisinin AUC((60-68 h)) (P = 0.01) were lower in the nevirapine group. Combined artemether and dihydroartemisinin exposure decreased over time only in the nevirapine group (geometric mean ratio [GMR], 0.76 [95% confidence interval {CI}, 0.65 to 0.90]; P < 0.0001) and increased with the weight-adjusted artemether dose (GMR, 2.12 [95% CI, 1.31 to 3.45]; P = 0.002). Adverse events were similar between groups, with no difference in electrocardiographic Fridericia corrected QT and P-R intervals at the expected time of maximum lumefantrine concentration (T(max)). Nevirapine-based ART decreased artemether and dihydroartemisinin AUCs but unexpectedly increased lumefantrine exposure. The mechanism of the lumefantrine interaction remains to be elucidated. Studies investigating the interaction of nevirapine and artemether-lumefantrine in HIV-infected patients with malaria are urgently needed.",
"The parasympathetic signalling molecules acetylcholine, pituitary adenylate cyclase activating peptide-38 (PACAP38) and vasoactive intestinal peptide (VIP) may be released from parasympathetic fibres and activate sensory nerve fibres during migraine attacks. Recently, it was shown that VIP does not induce migraine-like attacks in migraine patients. Interestingly, PACAP38 activates the same VPAC receptors as VIP, but also specifically activates the PAC1 receptor. The present thesis includes four double-blind placebo-controlled crossover studies aimed to explore the role of acetylcholine, PACAP and VIP in migraine and head pain. In study I-III we investigated acetylcholine, via the analogue carbachol, and PACAP38 in a human model of migraine. In study IV we studied if PACAP38 and VIP might induce central sensitization, neurogenic inflammation and mast cell degranulation in a cutaneous model of acute pain. Study I-II showed that carbachol induced short lasting mild headache and moderate cephalic vasodilatation in both healthy volunteers and migraine patients, but did not induce migraine-like attacks. In study III PACAP38 induced headache in healthy subjects and delayed migraine-like attacks in migraine patients as well as sustained dilatation of cephalic vessels. In study IV VIP and PACAP38 evoked skin pain, central sensitization, neurogenic inflammation and mast cell degranulation, but VIP showed to be more potent than PACAP38 in inducing neurogenic inflammation and mast cell degranulation. In conclusion, we found that carbachol infusion was not a good model for experimental migraine provocation, probably because the maximal dose was insufficient to produce enough nitric oxide to trigger migraine. PACAP38 infusion is a new pathway for migraine induction and the results from study IV suggest that neurogenic inflammation and mast cell degranulation are unlikely to cause PACAP38 induced migraine. The present thesis contributes to our knowledge on migraine pathophysiology and suggests PAC1 receptor antagonism as a new target for migraine treatment.",
"In order to mitigate the effect of non-stationarity in frequency domain analysis of data, we propose a modification to the power spectral estimation, a widely used technique to characterize physiological signals. Spectral analysis requires partitioning data into smaller epochs determined by the desired frequency resolution. The modified approach proposed here involves dividing the data within each epoch by the standard deviation of the data for that epoch. We applied this modified approach to cardiac beat-to-beat interval data recorded from a newborn infant undergoing hypothermia treatment for birth asphyxia. The critically ill infant had episodes of tachyarrhythmia, distributed sporadically throughout the study, which affected the stationarity of the heart rate. Over the period of continuous heart rate recording, the infant's clinical course deteriorated progressively culminating in death. Coinciding with this clinical deterioration, the heart rate signal showed striking changes in both low-frequency and high-frequency power indicating significant impairment of the autonomic nervous system. The standard spectral approach failed to capture these phenomena because of the non-stationarity of the signal. Conversely, the modified approach proposed here captured the deteriorating physiology of the infant clearly.",
"The performance of QFN was weak in this context, especially in subgroups at high risk for latent TB. However, combined negative results of QFN or TST and culture could be useful to rule out active TB.",
"1. As an ancillary study carried out during the recently completed Multicenter Study of Hydroxyurea, we examined the effect of hydroxyurea on the body weight, body composition and exercise capacity of adult patients with sickle-cell anaemia. 2. The subjects received either hydroxyurea (six males and four females) or placebo (eight males and six females). Data for each subject were generated during four separate 24 h admissions to the General Clinical Research Center. These admissions occurred at baseline and then at 6, 12 and 18 months after the start of study drug (hydroxyurea or placebo) administration. During each admission, body composition was measured by using a dual X-ray absorptiometer, and exercise testing was performed by cycle ergometry. Anaerobic performance was assessed according to a 'Wingate' protocol (20 s at maximal intensity against a cycling resistance of 7.5% body weight). Aerobic performance was examined using a steady state submaximal exercise protocol (10 min cycling time). 3. At baseline, no significant difference in any parameter was found between the hydroxyurea- and placebo-treated groups. At 18 months, the hydroxyurea-treated subjects exhibited an average weight gain of 3.16 kg. The mean weight gain in the placebo-treated subjects was 1.82 kg. Body composition analysis showed that the additional weight in both groups involved both lean and fat body mass components. In anaerobic performance, the subjects given hydroxyurea showed an increase in peak muscle power of 104.9 W. The placebo group also showed an increase, but theirs was a more modest gain of 57.7 W. The most marked improvement in anaerobic performance was observed in the hydroxyurea-treated men (P < 0.05). In aerobic performance, the hydroxyurea-treated subjects exhibited a decrease in peak heart rate response to a standardized workload of 15.2 beats/min, as compared with a decrease of only 4.3 beats/min in the placebo-treated patients. 4. Taken together, the overall weight gain, combined with increases in both anaerobic muscular performance and aerobic cardiovascular efficiency, provides objective data to support the subjective impression that hydroxyurea administration produces an improvement in the physical capacity of patients with sickle-cell anaemia.",
"The addition of brinzolamide to a latanoprost 0.005% regimen may further lower intraocular pressure in patients with open angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.",
"Painful crises in patients with sickle cell anemia are caused by vaso-occlusion and infarction. Occlusion of blood vessels depends on (at least) their diameter, the deformability of red cells, and the adhesion of blood cells to endothelium. Deoxygenated sickle cells are rigid because they contain linear polymers of hemoglobin S (Hb S); polymerization is highly concentration dependent, and dilution of Hb S by a nonsickling hemoglobin such as fetal hemoglobin (Hb F) would be expected to lead ultimately to a decrease in the frequency of painful crises. It might also be expected to decrease the severity of anemia, although the pathogenesis of anemia in sickle cell anemia (SS disease) is not clearly understood. Reversion to production of fetal rather than adult hemoglobin became practical with the discovery that HU was an orally effective and relatively safe "switching agent." Preliminary dose-ranging studies led to a double-blind randomized controlled clinical trial, the Multicenter Study of Hydroxyurea in Sickle Cell Anemia (MSH), designed to test whether patients treated with HU would have fewer crises than patients treated with placebo. The MSH was not designed to assess the mechanism(s) by which a beneficial effect might be achieved, but it was hoped that observations made during the study might illuminate that question. The 2 MSH treatment groups were similar to each other and were representative of African-American patients with relatively severe disease. The trial was closed earlier than expected, after demonstration that median crisis rate was reduced by almost 50% (2.5 versus 4.5 crises per year) in patients assigned to HU therapy. Hospitalizations, episodes of chest syndrome, and numbers of transfusions were also lower in patients treated with HU. Eight patients died during the trial, and treatment was stopped in 53. There were no instances of alarming toxicity. Patients varied widely in their maximum tolerated doses, but it was not clear that all were taking their prescribed treatments. When crisis frequency was compared with various clinical and laboratory measurements, pretreatment crisis rate and treatment with HU were clearly related to crisis rate during treatment. Pretreatment laboratory measurements were not associated with crisis rates during the study in either treatment group. It was not clear that clinical improvement was associated with an increase in Hb F. Crisis rates of the 2 treatment groups became different within 3 months. Mean corpuscular volumes (MCVs) and the proportion of Hb F containing red cells (F cells) rose, and neutrophil and reticulocyte counts fell, within 7 weeks. When patients were compared on the basis of 2-year crisis rates, those with lower crisis rates had higher F-cell counts and MCVs and lower neutrophil counts. Neutrophil, monocyte, reticulocyte, and platelet counts were directly associated, and F cells and MCV were inversely associated, with crisis rates in 3-month periods. In multivariable analyses, there was strong evidence of independent association of lower neutrophil counts with lower crisis rates. F-cell counts were associated with crisis rate only in the first 3 months of treatment; MCV showed an association over longer periods of time. Overall, the evidence that decreased neutrophil counts played a role in reducing crisis rates was strong. Increased F cells or MCV and evidence of cytoreduction by HU were also associated with decreased crisis rates, but no definitive statement can be made regarding the mechanism of action of HU because the study was not designed to address that question. Future studies should be designed to explore the mechanism of action of HU, to identify the optimal dosage regimen, and to study the effect of HU when combined with other antisickling agents.",
"Microalbuminuria is an inexpensive screening tool and a powerful independent predictor for major cardiovascular events in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. MPS is a sensitive, non invasive diagnostic test for identification of CAD in asymptomatic diabetic patients.",
"Immediate postoperative results show VATS to be a safe and reliable method in first-time and recurrent SP to obtain quick reexpansion of the lung. Long-term recurrence rates are acceptable and compare with results after open thoracotomy. Pleurodesis should be included in each procedure for adequate recurrence prevention.",
"To test the hypothesis that microvascular obstruction to blood flow at the level of the arteriole may be significant in individuals with sickle cell anemia, the ophthalmologic effects of orally administered nifedipine were monitored in 11 steady-state patients. Three patients with evidence of acute peripheral retinal arteriolar occlusion displayed a prompt reperfusion of the involved segment. Two other patients showed fading of retroequatorial red retinal lesions. Color vision performance was improved in six of the nine patients tested. The majority of patients also demonstrated a significant decrease in the amount of blanching of the conjunctiva which reflects improved blood flow to this frequently involved area. Such improvements were not observable in a control group of untreated stable sickle cell subjects. These findings support the hypothesis that inappropriate vasoconstriction or frank vasospasm may be a significant factor in the pathogenesis of the microvascular lesions of sickle cell disease and, further, that selective microvascular entrapment inhibition may offer an additional strategy to the management of this disorder. We believe a larger, placebo-controlled study with nifedipine and similar agents is warranted.",
"Inflammatory response and hemodilution are the main drawbacks of extracorporeal circulation. We hypothesize that the use of miniaturized extracorporeal circulation (MECC) might lower the systemic and myocardial inflammatory patterns compared with a standard system (SECC) and off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting (OPCABG). Sixty-one patients undergoing isolated coronary artery bypass graft were prospectively randomized to MECC (n = 19), SECC (n = 20), or OPCABG (n = 22). Blood samples were collected from radial artery and coronary sinus to analyze blood lactate, hemodilution, and markers for inflammation and endothelial activation such as tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α, interleukin-6, monocyte chemotactic protein-1, and E-selectin. No differences were observed in early clinical outcome. Interleukin -6 levels increased in every group during and after cardiac surgery, whereas TNF-α values grew in the SECC group (p = 0.05). E-selectin systemic values decreased during and after operation (p = 0.001) in every group. Monocyte chemotactic protein-1 systemic and cardiac levels raised only in SECC group (p = 0.014). In conclusion, MECC is comparable to SECC and OPCABG in the clinical outcome of low-risk patients, and it might be extensively used with no additional intraoperative risk. The analysis of the inflammatory patterns of endothelial activation shows MECC as effective as OPCABG, suggesting further studies to clarify MECC recommendation in high-risk patients.",
"Implantable cardioverter-defibrillator therapy in the form of high-energy shock (HES) is associated with adverse effects. This study evaluated an alternative therapy to HES, including antitachycardia pacing (ATP) for very fast ventricular tachycardia (VFVT) and low-energy shock (LES) ≤5 J for ventricular tachycardia (VT) of any cycle length (CL). This multicenter study recruited 602 patients with standard indications for an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator. Programming was standardized into 3 zones: (1) ventricular fibrillation (VF) CL of <200 ms treated with HES; (2) VFVT defined within the VF zone (CL, 200 to 250 ms) treated with 2 ATP bursts, LES, and HES; and (3) fast ventricular tachycardia (CL, 251 to 320 ms) and slow VT (CL, >320 ms) treated with 3 ATP bursts, LES, and HES. The primary end point was ATP and LES efficacy and safety. After a mean follow-up of 19 ± 8 months, 2,815 device activations were recorded in 152 patients. Of 67 VFVT episodes, 34 reverted with combined ATP and LES (success rate 50.7%) with first and second ATPs successful in 36% and 13.8%, respectively. LES was used in 39 fast ventricular tachycardia and 60 slow VT episodes with success rates of 53.8% and 73.3%, respectively. Syncope occurred in 19.4%, 16.2%, and 1% of episodes because of VFVT, VF, and VT CL >250 ms, respectively. In conclusion, tiered ATP and LES therapy terminates >50% of VFVT episodes (CL, 200 to 250 ms), which otherwise would fall within the VF zone and be treated exclusively with HES. LES is efficacious and safe in patients with VT CL >250 ms with extremely low syncope rates. Limitation of ATP to a single burst in VFVT is recommended to minimize syncope.",
"Beneficial effects of HU include shortening the duration of hospitalization because of acute painful episodes and reducing the net amount of opioid utilization.",
"The Metabolic Efficiency With Ranolazine for Less Ischemia in Non-ST-Elevation Acute Coronary Syndrome-Thrombolysis in Myocardial Infarction 36 (MERLIN-TIMI 36) trial randomized 6560 patients hospitalized with a non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome to ranolazine or placebo in addition to standard therapy. Continuous ECG recording was performed for the first 7 days after randomization and evaluated in a blinded core laboratory. SCD (n=121) was assessed over a median follow-up of 1 year. A total of 6345 patients (97%) had continuous ECG recordings evaluable for analysis. Compared with patients with no VT (n=2764), there was no increased risk of SCD in patients with only ventricular triplets (n=1978, 31.2%) (1.4% versus 1.2%); however, the risk of SCD was significantly greater in patients with VT lasting 4 to 7 beats (n=1172, 18.5%) (SCD, 2.9%; adjusted hazard ratio, 2.3; P<0.001) and in patients with VT lasting at least 8 beats (n=431, 6.8%) (SCD, 4.3%; adjusted hazard ratio, 2.8; P=0.001). This effect was independent of baseline characteristics and ejection fraction. VT occurring within the first 48 hours after admission was not associated with SCD.",
"Dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine was as effective and well-tolerated as artemether-lumefantrine in the treatment of uncomplicated falciparum malaria. In addition, dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine, a single daily dose, could be an advantage over artemether-lumefantrine in Africa because of better treatment observance.",
"To investigate changes in preoperative clinical features and the long-term outcome of tumor recurrence, mortality, and morbidity in patients with pheochromocytoma, we retrospectively examined changes in the clinical features by comparing 49 patients from 1957 to 1985 (group I) with 46 patients from 1986 to December 1995 (group II). In addition in these 95 patients (excluding 2 who had died before operation), we evaluated long-term postoperative outcome from the initial operation to August 1996 (909 patient-years). The mean age in group II was older than that of group I. The percentage of patients having proteinuria or hypertensive retinopathy in group II was less than that in group I. Of 20 patients with incidentally discovered pheochromocytoma, 7 (35%) were > or =60 years old, 7 asymptomatic, and 11 (55%) normotensive. Plasma and urinary catecholamines in these patients were significantly (P < .01) lower than in patients with pheochromocytoma having typical clinical features. Long-term cohort study showed 14 deaths. Relative survival rates were 91% at 5 years and 83% at 10 years and unchanged thereafter. The Kaplan-Meier estimate of pheochromocytoma-free survival was shorter in patients with a larger-than-median (60 g) tumor weight. Six patients had malignant recurrence 3 to 101 months (median, 45 months) after the initial operation. Of 65 patients confirmed alive at follow-up, 11 were hypertensive. In the Cox model, hypertension-free survival was not associated with age, a family history of hypertension, duration of hypertension, or creatinine clearance. Pheochromocytoma should be diagnosed from a wide spectrum of clinical features including those that are not generally suspected of resulting from excess catecholamines or hypertension, and after surgery, patients with this disease should be followed-up carefully for a long period (at least 10 years) because of the risk of tumor recurrence and the high prevalence of disease.",
"AN and DHP are confirmed very effective, safe and tolerate for treatment of any malaria. Both drugs are promising for multiple first-line therapy policies in Indonesia.",
"Atropine significantly reduced the prevalence of new arrhythmias during intubation particularly for children over 1 month of age, did not convert sinus tachycardia to ventricular tachycardia or fibrillation, and may contribute to the safety of intubation.",
"null",
"Travoprost monotherapy provided better efficacy in terms of IOP reduction and percentage of IOP reduction compared to dorzolamide 2.0%/timolol maleate 0.5% fixed combination.",
"The aim of this study was to evaluate our results during and after the Nuss operation in children with pectus excavatum. We have performed the Nuss procedure in 128 patients with pectus excavatum since 2001, and 74 patients underwent bar removal. Of the 128 patients 96 were male and 32 were female; age ranged from eight to 21 years with an average of 13.8 years. In 46% of patients psychological reasons for operative treatment were dominant while in the other 54% of patients clinical signs were the indications. Complications in 128 patients included 36 pneumothorax, 28 of which resolved spontaneously. Postoperative pneumonia developed in six patients. In two patients we had infection of the implanted bar, and there were two patients with cellulitis. We had six patients with bar displacement and reoperation was needed. During the Nuss procedure we had one injury of the intercostal artery. We had pericardial tears in two patients without clinical significance. In two patients we had pericardial effusion six months after the Nuss procedure, requiring pericardiocentesis. In one patient we had fracture of the sternum. There were no complications following bar removal. After bar removal in 74 patients, 54 patients (72.9%) maintained excellent results with normal chest anatomy, good results were found in 16 patients (21.6%) with mild residual pectus and poor results in four patients (5.5%) with severe recurrence. Our experience with the Nuss procedure demonstrated excellent results with few minor complications.",
"Although higher FSRS was associated with higher stroke risk, the FSRS overestimated the observed stroke rates in this study, particularly in certain subgroups. This may be because of temporal declines in stroke rates, secular trends in prevention treatments, or differences in populations studied. More accurate estimates of event rates are critical for planning research, including clinical trials, and targeting health-care efforts.",
"Pre-injection of magnesium significantly enhances the efficacy of ibutilide for the conversion of TAF but not of AAF.",
"The results demonstrated that it is possible to accurately determine fetal viability on admission via a doptone. Implementation of doptone use, coupled with a concise data record, might form the basis of a low-cost and sustainable program to monitor and evaluate efforts to improve quality of care and ultimately might help to reduce the in-hospital component of perinatal mortality in low-income countries.",
"This initial French experience, despite being in its learning phase, showed promising results in patients considered ineligible for surgery, as observed in more experienced centres. Randomized studies are mandatory to confirm these preliminary data.",
"A single bolus of hydrocortisone 250 mg IV prior to PVI results in greater radiofrequency requirements for PVI and a higher prevalence of dormant PV conduction unmasked by adenosine. The utility of these approaches requires evaluation in a long-term prospective randomized study.",
"TI of oral anticoagulation is common and is associated with substantial stroke risks and bleeding risks that were similar among patients treated with rivaroxaban or warfarin. Further investigation is needed to determine the optimal management strategy in patients with atrial fibrillation requiring TI of anticoagulation.",
"There is substantial evidence that the autonomic system plays an important part in the pathogenesis of atrial fibrillation (AF). It appears that, although some patients have a preponderantly sympathetic or vagal overactivation leading to AF, a combined sympathovagal drive is most commonly responsible for AF triggering. The purpose of this hypothesis-generating study was to test whether moxonidine, a centrally acting sympathoinhibitory agent, on top of optimal antihypertensive treatment, can lead to a decrease in AF burden in hypertensive patients with paroxysmal AF. This was a prospective, double-blind, 1-group, crossover study. Hypertensive patients with paroxysmal AF sequentially received treatment with placebo and moxonidine for two 6-week periods, respectively. The change in AF burden (measured as minutes of AF per day in three 48-hour Holter recordings) between the 2 treatment periods was the primary outcome measure. Fifty-six patients (median age 63.5 years, 35 men) were included. During moxonidine treatment, AF burden was reduced from 28.0 min/day (interquartile range [IQR] 15.0 to 57.8) to 16.5 min/day (IQR 4.0 to 36.3; p <0.01). European Heart Rhythm Association symptom severity class decreased from a median of 2.0 (IQR 1.0 to 2.0) to 1.0 (IQR 1.0 to 2.0; p = 0.01). Systolic blood pressure levels were similar in the 2 treatment periods, whereas diastolic blood pressure was lower (p <0.01) during moxonidine treatment. The most frequent complaint was dry mouth (28.6%). No serious adverse events were recorded. In conclusion, treatment with moxonidine, a centrally acting sympathoinhibitory agent, results in reduction of AF burden and alleviation of AF-related symptoms in hypertensive patients with paroxysmal AF.",
"Demonstrated increases in self-efficacy to perform headache self-management, increased use of positive symptom management strategies, and reported decreased migraine-related depression and stress suggest that the intervention may be a useful behavioral adjunct to a comprehensive medical approach to managing migraine.",
"Dense epicardial mapping in the potential GP areas identified active GP locations in a high percentage of patients. GPs between the PVs and interatrial groove have a high potential as ablation targets for treatment of concomitant AF.",
"Data collected in DES.DE revealed that ULMCA PCI with DES result in similar TVR rates as compared to PCI in nLMCA. Moreover, modern DES have not offset the higher comorbidity index and higher procedure-related complication rate with PCI of ULMCA lesions.",
"Laparoscopic adrenalectomy is now indicated for the majority of adrenal tumors. Several complications observed in this series were related to the learning curve in several centers. Laparoscopic adrenalectomy is the 'gold standard' in uni- or bilateral benign tumors no larger than 6 or 7 cm. 'Open' surgery is indicated in malignant tumors, especially in adreno-cortical carcinomas, and in all large tumors.",
"Identification of the correct anatomical landmark for needle thoracocentesis can be performed with instructions provided via VT because a dispatcher can monitor every step and provide correct instructions. This new technology will improve critical care medicine.",
"The combination of travoprost and brinzolamide was statistically significantly more efficacious than the combination of travoprost and brimonidine in lowering IOP. The clinical significance of this difference is uncertain.",
"Data from the Prolonged Migraine Prevention (PROMPT) with Topiramate trial were evaluated post hoc to determine whether topiramate could prevent migraine auras, and whether its efficacy in preventing migraine headaches was similar in patients with (MA; n = 269) and without (MoA; n = 542) aura. Migraines and auras were recorded during prospective baseline, 6-month open-label (OL) topiramate and 6-month double-blind (DB), placebo-controlled phases. In the last 28 OL days, migraines without aura and migraine auras decreased by 43.1% and 54.1%, respectively, in MA patients. MoA patients experienced a 44.3% reduction in migraines. In the DB phase, increases in migraines with placebo vs. topiramate were similar to the full study, but were generally not statistically significant, probably due to lack of power in the subgroup analysis. Similarly, there were no statistically significant changes in number of auras between groups. Thus, topiramate appears to reduce migraine auras in parallel with headache reductions, which are similar in patients with and without aura.",
"Ocular features of patients with idiopathic uveitis and positive quantiferon were diverse, but retinal occlusive vasculitis and serpiginoid choroiditis were common. The quantiferon levels were usually highly elevated and 33% of patients exhibited lymphadenopathy, suggesting frequently the diagnosis of sarcoidosis. Ocular inflammation reacted favorably to antituberculosis treatment, although only a small minority had documented (prior) tuberculosis.",
"The sumatriptan iontophoretic transdermal system is effective and well tolerated, and may be particularly useful in patients with migraine-related gastrointestinal symptoms such as nausea.",
"IPTc with SP+AQ was not associated with an increase in incidence of malaria episodes, prevalence of malaria infection or anaemia in the subsequent malaria transmission season.",
"The US National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute; and the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development.",
"Despite our disappointingly poor outcome, the authors believe that the procedure's safety, convenience and low cost establish it as a worth trying method of conservative treatment for patients with the aforementioned pathology for whom no other alternative than surgery would be a choice.",
"The STEMI group displayed poor early term clinical outcome, whereas the NSTEMI group displayed poor late-term clinical outcome. The STEMI and NSTEMI groups had different predictor profiles for cardiac death, suggesting that different strategies are required for improving the late-term outcome of STEMI and NSTEMI patients.",
"Vitamin D can serve as adjuvant treatment of tuberculosis in diabetics with vitamin D deficiency. Further studies are required to validate this observation and define a cut off for vitamin D level to prevent immunological alterations.",
"QOL after AF ablation improves regardless of procedural outcome. QOL scores were only negatively affected in patients with a high symptomatic burden of arrhythmia recurrence suggesting that significant reduction in AF burden can improve QOL without total elimination of AF.",
"A reduced incidence of pneumothorax and neonatal death following the introduction of artificial surfactant therapy was readily demonstrable in the Australian setting.",
"We conclude that the use of the Ologen implant in SST is comparable to the use of MMC with advantage of avoiding the potential dangerous complications related to MMC use in the early (12 months) follow-up period.",
"Lidocaine via spray catheter is effective for pain control before pleurodesis.",
"All the three regimens of IPT in children were safe and highly efficacious",
"A single 5 mg sublingual dose of Delta-9-THC reduced the IOP temporarily and was well tolerated by most patients. Sublingual administration of 20 mg CBD did not reduce IOP, whereas 40 mg CBD produced a transient increase IOP rise.",
"NPs are measured in almost 50% of patients in the US admitted with MI and appear to be used in patients with more comorbidities. Higher NP concentrations were strongly and independently associated with in-hospital mortality in the almost 30 000 patients in whom NPs were assessed, including patients without heart failure.",
"2006-002572-17 (EudraCT).",
"Sumavel DosePro needle-free delivery system is a new presentation of s.c. sumatriptan that delivers drug effectively, is bioequivalent to the existing needle auto-injector when used at the thigh or abdomen, and is easy to use.",
"The lifetime prevalence of migraine with aura, but not migraine without aura, is increased in patients with MFS. This association is driven by a history of AR. The replacement procedure itself is unlikely to be causally associated with migraine as in nearly all subjects, migraine started before the procedure. However this study adds to the evidence that underlying vessel wall pathology may be involved in migraine with aura.",
"Glycosylation is the most abundant post-translational polypeptide chain modification in nature. Although carbohydrate modification of protein antigens from many microbial pathogens constitutes important components of B cell epitopes, the role in T cell immunity is not completely understood. Here, using ELISPOT and polychromatic flow cytometry, we show that O-mannosylation of the adhesin, Apa, of Mycobacterium tuberculosis (Mtb) is crucial for its T cell antigenicity in humans and mice after infection. However, subunit vaccination with both mannosylated and non-mannosylated Apa induced a comparable magnitude and quality of T cell response and imparted similar levels of protection against Mtb challenge in mice. Both forms equally improved waning BCG vaccine-induced protection in elderly mice after subunit boosting. Thus, O-mannosylation of Apa is required for antigenicity but appears to be dispensable for its immunogenicity and protective efficacy in mice. These results have implications for the development of subunit vaccines using post-translationally modified proteins such as glycoproteins against infectious diseases like tuberculosis.",
"Subclinical hypothyroidism significantly affected LV and RV structure, systolic, diastolic and global function, and LV and RV mechanics. Levothyroxine replacement therapy significantly improved cardiac structure, function, and mechanics in the SHT patients.",
"The human electrophysiological and pharmacological properties of XEN-D0101 were evaluated to assess its usefulness for treating atrial fibrillation (AF). XEN-D0101 inhibited Kv1.5 with an IC50 of 241 nM and is selective over non-target cardiac ion channels (IC50 Kv4.3, 4.2 μM; hERG, 13 μM; activated Nav1.5, >100 μM; inactivated Nav1.5, 34 μM; Kir3.1/3.4, 17 μM; Kir2.1, >>100 μM). In atrial myocytes from patients in sinus rhythm (SR) and chronic AF, XEN-D0101 inhibited non-inactivating outward currents (Ilate) with IC50 of 410 and 280 nM, respectively, and peak outward currents (Ipeak) with IC50 of 806 and 240 nM, respectively. Whereas Ilate is mainly composed of IKur, Ipeak consists of IKur and Ito. Therefore, the effects on Ito alone were estimated from a double-pulse protocol where IKur was inactivated (3.5 µM IC50 in SR and 1 µM in AF). Thus, inhibition of Ipeak is because of IKur reduction and not Ito. XEN-D0101 significantly prolonged the atrial action potential duration at 20%, 50%, and 90% of repolarization (AF tissue only) and significantly elevated the atrial action potential plateau phase and increased contractility (SR and AF tissues) while having no effect on human ventricular action potentials. In healthy volunteers, XEN-D0101 did not significantly increase baseline- and placebo-adjusted QTc up to a maximum oral dose of 300 mg. XEN-D0101 is a Kv1.5/IKur inhibitor with an attractive atrial-selective profile.",
"These results suggest that MTRR variants may protect against migraine with aura in an older population.",
"Multi-drug resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) is associated with increased morbidity and mortality compared to drug-sensitive disease. Although MDR-TB is infrequent in Ireland, cases continue to be diagnosed in both Irish and foreign-born people. We conducted a clinical audit of 13 MDR-TB patients treated in two tertiary referral centers, the Mercy Hospital, Cork and St James's Hospital, Dublin between 2004 and 2009. The median age was 37 years. Eight patients (61.5%) were foreign-born, five (38.5%) were Irish-born. Seven patients (54%) have now stopped treatment; 6 (86%) were treated successfully and one (14%) defaulted. Mycobacterium tuberculosis isolates were resistant to a median of seven drugs. Eight patients (61.5%) developed ototoxicity from long-term aminoglycoside use. Our patients' treatment outcomes compare favourably with international reports despite a high degree of drug resistance. However, the high incidence of otoxicity is concerning.",
"Transitioning from the inpatient to outpatient setting is often a problematic aspect of diabetes mellitus (DM) care. Different factors during hospitalization may adversely affect glycemic control in patients, who are frequently discharged on regimens that differ markedly from prehospitalization outpatient regimens. Moreover, the discharge recommendations may not have been tested adequately during a relatively short hospital length of stay and pose a significant threat to patient safety upon discharge. Our pilot study evaluated the effect on hospital utilization of the transitional care clinic (TCC), where patients with DM are seen within 2 to 5 days of hospital discharge. One hundred patients with DM, who were either medically indigent (no insurance or Medicaid and no primary care providers) or covered by Medicaid, and who did not have a primary care provider, were randomized into either a control or an intervention group upon discharge from the hospital. Subjects from the intervention group (n = 50) were seen in the TCC. All subjects were contacted 90 days after discharge to collect information about emergency department visits and readmissions. Thirteen subjects from the control group and 13 from the intervention group visited the emergency department within 90 days of discharge. Fourteen control subjects (28%) and 10 intervention patients (20%) were rehospitalized for various medical conditions during the follow-up period (P = not significant). Among patients originally admitted for DM-related issues, 6 of 14 in the control group (42.9%) and 2 out of 16 in the intervention group (12.5%) were readmitted during follow-up (P < 0.05). We conclude that the TCC may be effective for the prevention of rehospitalizations in indigent patients admitted for DM-related problems and who did not have primary care providers. The benefit of the TCC was not seen when patients with DM were admitted for other medical problems. Larger randomized controlled trials are needed to confirm this preliminary finding.",
"Absolute changes seem to be the preferred metrics for both hs-cTnT and hs-cTnI in the early diagnosis of acute myocardial infarction. The combination of absolute and relative changes provides a small added value for hs-cTnT, but not for hs-cTnI.",
"Among inpatients, tuberculosis appears to be more severe and more difficult to diagnose, resulting in lower cure rates and higher mortality rates, than among outpatients. In addition, tuberculosis patients co-infected with HIV have less favorable outcomes.",
"Varying levels of completeness and concordance of surveillance data for TB-HIV co-infected patients highlight challenges in the current TB and HIV surveillance systems. Future integration of TB and HIV programs in this region will need to support more accurate data collection at all levels.",
"The therapeutic effect of migraine treated with medicated threads moxibustion of Zhuang nationality is significantly effective, and there is no any adverse reaction.",
"Appropriate, less preferable and inappropriate P2Y12 inhibitor selections were made initially in 45.8%, 47.2% and 6.6% and at discharge in 64.1%, 29.2% and 6.6% of patients, respectively. The selection of clopidogrel was most commonly less preferable, both initially (69.7%) and at discharge (75.6%). Appropriate selection of newer agents was high initially (79.2%-82.8%), with further increase as selection at discharge (89.4%-89.8%). Inappropriate selection of the newer agents was 17.2%-20.8% initially, decreasing to 10.2%-10.6% at discharge. Conditions and co-medications related to increased bleeding risk, presentation with ST elevation myocardial infarction and the absence of reperfusion within the first 24h were the most powerful predictors of appropriate P2Y12 selection initially, whereas age ≥75 years, conditions and co-medications related to increased bleeding risk and regional trends mostly affected appropriate P2Y12 selection at discharge.",
"Nearly 50% of TB patients had either diabetes or pre-diabetes.",
"The results of studying of the myocardium contractile capacity in patients, suffering the ischemic heart disease, while performing the extended operative interventions are presented. There was noted, that the indices of the myocardium contractile capacity witness its inhibition during traumatic stage of operation and in early postoperative period. There was established an important significance of the myocardium cytoprotection in preoperative preparation of the patients.",
"PVI+GP ablation confers superior clinical results with less ablation-related left atrial flutter and reduced AF recurrence compared to PVI+LL ablation at 3 years of follow-up.",
"T1DM patients without nephropathy were willing to take experimental medications and undergo repeat renal biopsies. Although overall adherence was excellent, patterns of adherence varied among participants, suggesting the need to better track adherence and to develop customized and targeted approaches for promoting adherence to clinical research regimens. Staff subjective predictions of adherence were imprecise, supporting need for further development of adherence predictors.",
"Our data show the extent of foot complications in a representative sample of diabetes patients in Ireland. Use of eGFR did not improve identification of patients at risk of foot ulceration.",
"Despite declining recurrence rates in this relatively young stroke population, almost one third are either dead or have experienced a second stroke in 5 years.",
"Patients with chronic headache and medication overuse are particularly difficult to treat, with no one approach being universally accepted. Some type of withdrawal program, however, is typically implemented before beginning a pharmacological prophylaxis treatment. Different withdrawal modalities have been performed for managing these patients: at first step, in-patient withdrawal has been confirmed effective in preceding clinical experiences. In recent years, new modalities for withdrawal have been developed as day-hospital setting. Purpose of this study was to determine the clinical course of a sample of chronic migraine patients with medication overuse 3 years after day-hospital withdrawal. A group of 202 patients were treated. Patients were suffering from chronic migraine with medication overuse according with IHS criteria. All patients were submitted to a day-hospital withdrawal and then they were followed with meetings every 3 months until the first year and then every 6 months until the last follow-up 3 years after withdrawal. Eighty patients achieved the last follow-up meeting 3 years after withdrawal. Patients clinically improved, significantly, both for days of headache per month and consumption of medications per month. From these results, the day-hospital setting for withdrawal, followed by periodic clinical meetings, seems to be effective for this category of patients to improve significantly at long-term headache frequency and analgesics intake.",
"The result of 131I MIBG scanning in patients with chromaffin tumours is significantly correlated with the size of the tumour.",
"European and Developing Countries Clinical Trials Partnership, National Research Foundation, and Claude Leon Foundation.",
"New-onset diabetes after transplantation (NODAT) is a serious complication after kidney transplantation, but therapeutic strategies remain underexplored. Dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitors selectively foster insulin secretion without inducing hypoglycemia, which might be advantageous in kidney transplant recipients (KTRs) with NODAT. We conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase II trial to assess safety and efficacy of the DPP-4 inhibitor vildagliptin. Intraindividual differences in oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT)-derived 2-h plasma glucose (2HPG) from baseline to 3 months after treatment served as primary endpoint. Among secondary outcomes, we evaluated HbA1c, metabolic and safety parameters, as well as OGTTs at 1 month after drug discontinuation. Of 509 stable KTRs who were screened in our outpatient clinic, 63 (12.4%) had 2HPG ≥ 200 mg/dL, 33 of them were randomized and 32 completed the study. In the vildagliptin group 2HPG and HbA1c were profoundly reduced in comparison to placebo (vildagliptin: 2HPG = 182.7 mg/dL, HbA1c = 6.1%; placebo: 2HPG = 231.2 mg/dL, HbA1c = 6.5%; both p ≤ 0.05), and statistical significance was achieved for the primary endpoint (vildagliptin: 2HPG-difference -73.7 ± 51.3 mg/dL; placebo: -5.7 ± 41.4 mg/dL; p < 0.01). Adverse events were generally mild and occurred at similar rates in both groups. In conclusion, DPP-4 inhibition in KTRs with overt NODAT was safe and efficient, providing a novel treatment alternative for this specific form of diabetes.",
"The data suggest that not only is there a general relationship between headache and depression but also that among people with recurrent headache there is a specific association between depression and migraine with aura. The association is likely to be explained by overlapping aetiological risk factors.",
"The objective of this study was to evaluate patients' satisfaction with acute treatment of migraine with frovatriptan or almotriptan by preference questionnaire. One hundred and thirty three subjects with a history of migraine with or without aura (IHS 2004 criteria), with at least one migraine attack in the preceding 6 months, were enrolled and randomized to frovatriptan 2.5 mg or almotriptan 12.5 mg, treating 1-3 attacks. The study had a multicenter, randomized, double blind, cross-over design, with treatment periods lasting <3 months. At study end patients assigned preference to one of the treatments using a questionnaire with a score from 0 to 5 (primary endpoint). Secondary endpoints were pain free and pain relief episodes at 2 and 4 h, and recurrent and sustained pain free episodes within 48 h. Of the 133 patients (86%, intention-to-treat population) 114 of them expressed a preference for a triptan. The average preference score was not significantly different between frovatriptan (3.1 ± 1.3) and almotriptan (3.4 ± 1.3). The rates of pain free (30% frovatriptan vs. 32% almotriptan) and pain relief (54% vs. 56%) episodes at 2 h did not significantly differ between treatments. This was the case also at 4 h (pain free: 56% vs. 59%; pain relief: 75% vs. 72%). Recurrent episodes were significantly (P < 0.05) less frequent under frovatriptan (30% vs. 44%), also for the attacks treated within 30 min. No significant differences were observed in sustained pain free episodes (21% vs. 18%). The tolerability profile was similar between the two drugs. In conclusion, our study suggests that frovatriptan has a similar efficacy of almotriptan in the short-term, while some advantages are observed during long-term treatment.",
"Hyperglycemia determined according to the mean plasma glucose level during hospitalization is independently associated with 30-day all-cause hospital mortality in diabetic patients admitted for pneumonia.",
"Bimatoprost plus timolol and travoprost plus timolol can provide additional IOP-lowering effect in patients not fully controlled with latanoprost plus timolol. The observed additional IOP reduction was greater with bimatoprost plus timolol with a similar tolerability profile.",
"Peak vector biting occurred early in the evening and mainly occurred outdoors. The limited efficacy of ITN in this area of Western Myanmar may be explained by the biting behaviour of the prevalent Anopheles mosquito vectors in this area.",
"Isolated aphasia is an independent sign of AF in patients with a TIA or minor ischemic stroke. Careful cardiac screening seems warranted in patients with isolated aphasia, as secondary prevention is different in patients with a cardiac source of embolism.",
"Biphasic insulin aspart 30 (BIAsp 30) has been used in patients for almost a decade; There is a wealth of knowledge from clinical trials to document its efficacy and safety and suggest that BIAsp 30 is an option for initiation and intensification of insulin therapy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The A1chieve was a non-interventional study that explored the safety and effectiveness of initiating or switching to insulin analogues in routine clinical practice in more than 60,000 patients from 28 different countries. In this manuscript, we discuss the findings from the subgroup of the Indian cohort who were treated with BIAsp 30. In a cohort of 15287 who were on BIAsp 30, 12645 (83%) were insulin naive and 2642 (17%) had been on insulin therapy earlier. Glycaemic parameters were high at baseline. Mean (SD) HbA1c was 9.2% (1.3) in the these and was comparable in the insulin naive and insulin experienced groups. After 24 weeks of therapy with BIAsp 30, there were reductions in HbA1c in both the insulin naive group, [-1.8 (1.3)] and insulin experienced group [-1.6 (1.3)]. Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and postprandial plasma glucose (PPG) levels were also reduced significantly from baseline [-3.4 (2.7) and -4.8 (3.8) mmol/L, respectively, p < 0.05). Overall, hypoglycaemia decreased from 1.33 events/patient years at baseline to 0.19 events/patient years at 24 weeks. There was also an increase in quality of life score as evaluated by EQ-5D questionnaire. Initiating insulin therapy with or switching to BIAsp 30 in patients with poor glycaemic control leads to an improvement in glycaemic profile with no major hypoglycaemia or clinically significant weight gain. Therapy with BIAsp 30 also improves the quality of life in patients with type 2 diabetes.",
"The once daily latanoprost-timolol combination was shown to furtherly reduce the Intraocular Pressure (IOP) (p=0.001) and to maintain under control the intraocular pressure for the observation period (24 months). Both topical and systemic side-effects were scarse and tolerability was good.",
"About 7% of patients without a history of heart valve disease previously exposed to benfluorex present echocardiography features of DI-VHD. Further studies are needed to study the natural history of DI-VHD and to identify risk factors for the development of drug-induced valve lesions.",
"TRV/TVIRVOT is a reliable method to identify patients with elevated PVR. In patients with TRV/TVIRVOT > 0.275, PVR is likely > 6 WU, and PVRecho2 derived from TRV(2)/TVIRVOT provides an improved noninvasive estimate of PVR compared with PVRecho.",
"Background Although previous clinical trials demonstrated the non-inferiority of a rate control to rhythm control strategy for management of atrial fibrillation (AF), the optimal treatment strategy for paroxysmal AF (PAF) remains unclear. Methods and Results A randomized, multicenter comparison of rate control vs rhythm control in Japanese patients with PAF (the Japanese Rhythm Management Trial for Atrial Fibrillation (J-RHYTHM) study) was conducted. The primary endpoint was a composite of total mortality, symptomatic cerebral infarction, systemic embolism, major bleeding, hospitalization for heart failure, or physical/psychological disability requiring alteration of treatment strategy. In the study, 823 patients with PAF were followed for a mean period of 578 days. The primary endpoint occurred in 64 patients (15.3%) assigned to rhythm control and in 89 patients (22.0%) to rate control (P=0.0128). No significant differences between the treatment strategies were observed in the incidences of death, stroke, bleeding and heart failure. Meanwhile, significantly fewer patients requested changes of assigned treatment strategy in the rhythm control vs the rate control group, which was accompanied by improvement in AF-specific quality of life scores. Conclusion The J-RHYTHM study showed that rhythm control was associated with fewer primary endpoints than rate control. However, mortality and cardiovascular morbidity were not affected by the treatment strategy (umin-CTR No. C000000106).",
"Our results suggest that OLO implant could be a new, safe, and effective alternative to MMC, with similar long-term success rate.",
"Treatment with low-dose atorvastatin is safe in early-stage PBC, effectively reduces total cholesterol, LDL-C, LDL triglycerides, oxLDL and sVCAM-1 and improves vascular function as reflected by FMD, without affecting cholestasis progression. Therefore, statin therapy should be considered in PBC patients with additional risk factors for cardiovascular disease.",
"Combination of cryotherapy and drug infusion through bronchoscope is a simple, safe and effective method to treat transbronchial tuberculous mediastinal lymphadenitis.",
"Our study suggests a BP-lowering effect of statins, consistent with some other literature. Some parameters like age, baseline systolic blood pressure and cholesterolemia influence the antihypertensive effect of statins. The lack of consideration for these confounding factors may be one of the reasons for the conflicting results about the BP lowering effects of statins.",
"This prospective multicenter series shows a high success rate of ECM in accurately diagnosing the mechanism of AT and the location of focal arrhythmia. Intraprocedural use of the system and its application to atrial fibrillation mapping is under way.",
"Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN 81306618.",
"ACTRN12610001063000.",
"Serum plant stanol levels remained at comparable low levels as in studies with daily intake of 2-3 g, and were normalized in 4 weeks suggesting that daily intake of 8.8 g of plant stanols might not increase systemic availability of plant stanols, but reduces effectively serum cholesterol and plant sterol levels.",
"The psychogenic factor plays a significant and sometimes determining role in the genesis of non-coronarogenic VA. When used alone and in combination with antiarrthythmics, Adaptol proved to be effective in treating non-coronarogenic VA in patients with higher anxiety.",
"Two doses of 300-mg telcagepant, administered 2 hours apart, did not appear to exacerbate spontaneous ischemia and were generally well tolerated in a small cohort of patients with stable coronary artery disease. Results of this study support further evaluation of telcagepant in patients with stable coronary artery disease.",
"null",
"null",
"ISRCTN97360154.",
"The video-assisted minimally invasive ablation procedure was safe and effective for patients with long-lasting persistent AF. Patients who were additionally treated with irbesartan had a significantly lower rate of AF recurrence than patients who were treated with ablation alone.",
"Total systemic exposure of ICA-17043 after a single oral dose, as measured by AUC(0-infinity), increased nearly proportionally with the dose. The rate of absorption, however, appeared to be delayed at doses greater than 100 mg. With the long half-life of ICA-17043 demonstrated in this study, once-daily dosing is probably adequate to maintain steady-state plasma concentrations. In addition, single doses of ICA-17043 were well tolerated.",
"Although LSSM did not achieve a comparable level of credibility and expectancy to the CST, several design and implementation factors may have contributed to the disparity. Based on analysis of these factors, the design and implementation of a future study may be improved.",
"The effects of dietary n-3 fatty acids (n-3FAs) on the frequency of pain episodes and ex vivo blood tests of thrombosis have been evaluated in patients with sickle cell disease (SCD) utilizing a double-blind, olive oil-controlled clinical trial. Dietary n-3FA therapy (0.1 g/kg/d) was provided as menhaden fish oil (0.25 g/kg/d) containing 12% eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA), and 18% docosahexaenoic acid (DHA). Within 1 month dietary n-3FAs exchanged with n-6FAs in plasma and erythrocyte membrane phospholipids (p <0.01 in all cases). Treatment with dietary n-3FAs for 1 year reduced the frequency of pain episodes requiring presentation to the hospital from 7.8 events during the preceding year to 3.8 events/year (p <0.01; n = 5). By contrast, subjects receiving control dietary olive oil (n = 5) experienced 7.1 pain events/year, compared to 7.6 during the previous year (p >0.4). The reduction in episodes in n-3FA-treated subjects was also significant when compared to control subjects (p <0.01). Dietary n-3FA therapy was not associated with hemorrhagic, gastrointestinal or other adverse effects. Compared to 10 asymptomatic African-American controls, sickle cell subjects demonstrated significantly increased pretreatment: 1) flow cytometric expression of platelet membrane P-selectin (CD62p; p <0.01) and annexin V binding sites (p = 0.02); 2) plasma levels of platelet-specific secretory proteins platelet factor 4 (PF4) and beta-thromboglobulin (betaTG) (p <0.01 in both cases); 3) plasma products of thrombin generation, prothrombin fragment 1.2 (F1.2) and thrombin:antithrombin (TAT) complex (p <0.01 in both cases); and 4) plasma levels of thrombolytic products, D-dimer and plasmin:antiplasmin (PAP) complex (p <0.01 in both cases). Treatment with dietary n-3FAs concurrently decreased plasma levels of F1.2, D-dimer, and PAP (p <0.05, compared to olive oil controls), implying that the reduction in pain events was related to n-3FA-dependent inhibition of thrombosis. We conclude that dietary n-3FAs reduce the frequency of pain episodes perhaps by reducing prothrombotic activity in sickle cell disease.",
"CFS/ME is heterogeneous in children with three phenotypes at presentation that are differentially associated with severity and are unlikely to be due to age or length of illness.",
"Wheezing and lower chest retraction, consistent with intrathoracic airway obstruction; chest radiography suggestive of pulmonary tuberculosis; and Mantoux diameter were predictive of positive MTB culture. These variables should be considered for inclusion in composite clinical end point definitions for infant TB vaccine trials. Several clinical features, commonly used for TB diagnosis in older children, were not associated with positive MTB culture among children younger than 2 years.",
"Pneumothorax can present a challenge to treat in adult CF. However successful outcomes can be achieved even in cases of prolonged air leaks. Current national guidelines help in selecting optimal pleural interventions.",
"Oxidative stress is of importance in the pathophysiology of sickle cell disease (SCD). In this open label randomized pilot study the effects of oral N-acetylcysteine (NAC) on phosphatidylserine (PS) expression as marker of cellular oxidative damage (primary end point), and markers of hemolysis, coagulation and endothelial activation and NAC tolerability (secondary end points) were studied. Eleven consecutive patients (ten homozygous [HbSS] sickle cell patients, one HbSβ(0)-thalassemia patient) were randomly assigned to treatment with either 1,200 or 2,400 mg NAC daily during 6 weeks. The data indicate an increment in whole blood glutathione levels and a decrease in erythrocyte outer membrane phosphatidylserine exposure, plasma levels of advanced glycation end-products (AGEs) and cell-free hemoglobin after 6 weeks of NAC treatment in both dose groups. One patient did not tolerate the 2,400 mg dose and continued with the 1,200 mg dose. During the study period, none of the patients experienced painful crises or other significant SCD or NAC related complications. These data indicate that N-acetylcysteine treatment of sickle cell patients may reduce SCD related oxidative stress.",
"The success rates of DS in black west African glaucoma patients, as performed in this study, were low. The study did not achieve sufficient power to detect whether low dose intraoperative MMC application can increase success rates of DS.",
"Isolated axis deviation and atrial enlargement comprise a high burden of Group 2 changes in athletes and do not predict underlying structural cardiac disease. Exclusion of these anomalies from current ESC guidelines would improve specificity and cost-effectiveness of pre-participation screening with ECG.",
"Mean diurnal IOP and peak IOP were lower with LTFC than with DTFC in patients with primary open-angle glaucoma.",
"IPT with SP+AQ was associated with a small increase in the incidence of clinical malaria in the subsequent malaria transmission season.",
"In patients with T2DM not achieving their glycemic targets addition of basal insulin detemir was well tolerated and reported improvement in glycemic control.",
"A very low percentage of patients satisfied all criteria for valid use of ΔPP in the evaluation of fluid responsiveness. Physicians must consider limitations to the validity of ΔPP before using this variable.",
"null",
"The great majority of AF patients had one or more recent AF symptoms, and their overall QoL was limited. In daily practise, rate control is not inferior to rhythm control in AF patients with respect to QoL.",
"Overall, 1,299 (610 ticagrelor, 689 clopidogrel) MIs reported by the CEC occurred during the trial. Of these, 1,097 (504 ticagrelor, 593 clopidogrel) contributed to the primary composite endpoint. Site investigators reported 1,198 (580 ticagrelor, 618 clopidogrel) MIs. Ticagrelor significantly reduced overall MI rates (12-month CEC-adjudicated Kaplan-Meier rates: 5.8% ticagrelor, 6.9% clopidogrel; hazard ratio [HR]: 0.84; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.75 to 0.95). Nonprocedural MI (HR: 0.86; 95% CI: 0.74 to 1.01) and MI related to percutaneous coronary intervention or stent thrombosis tended to be lower with ticagrelor. MIs related to coronary artery bypass graft surgery were few, but numerical excess was observed in patients assigned ticagrelor. Analyses of overall MIs using investigator-reported data showed similar results but did not reach statistical significance (HR: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.78 to 1.00).",
"Our data indicate that 1-year soy protein supplementation did not confer cardiovascular benefits, in terms of favorable alterations in the lipid profile, in this cohort of postmenopausal women. These findings, as well as those from other studies, lend credence to the decision of the Food and Drug Administration to reevaluate the soy protein health claim issued a decade ago.",
"Compared with doubling atorvastatin, atorvastatin plus ezetimibe resulted in greater reductions in LDL-C, triglycerides, Apo B, non-HDL-C, total cholesterol and lipid ratios in the T2DM, MetS and neither groups. Treatment effects were of similar magnitude across patient groups with both treatments, except triglycerides, which were slightly greater in the T2DM and MetS groups vs. neither group. Changes in HDL-C , Apo A-I and high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) were comparable for both treatments in all three groups. Safety and tolerability profiles were generally similar between treatments and across patient groups, as were the incidence of liver and muscle AEs.",
"Our findings suggest that the RV may have an important role in determining the antiarrhythmic effect of CRT independent of the effect of the device on the left ventricle.",
"In this large study on very old patients on VKA carefully monitored by anticoagulation clinics, the rate of bleedings was low, suggesting that age in itself should not be considered a contraindication to treatment. Adequate management of VKA therapy in specifically trained center allows very old and frail patients to benefit from VKA thromboprophylaxis.",
"This study demonstrated that both FCs provide statistically and clinically significant incremental 24-h IOP lowering to travoprost monotherapy. The brinzolamide/timolol FC however achieves a better mean 24-h IOP control owing to the greater efficacy in late afternoon and during the night.",
"The application of a chest tube removal protocol using a digital drainage unit featuring a continuous recording of air leak was safe and cost effective. Although future studies are warranted to confirm these results in other settings, the use of this new protocol is now routinely applied in our practice.",
"The simplicity, efficacy, and tolerability of FCLT contribute to its utility in clinical practice.",
"Minocycline and talc slurry had comparable sclerosing efficacy in SSP, with immediate success rates of >70%. Pain was the most common adverse effect and respiratory distress was uncommon. Both appeared to be effective and safe for chemical pleurodesis in SSP.",
"null",
"Most of the patients were died at the end of treatment period. This underlines the need for devising a mechanism of standardizing the existing DOTS programme and nutritional support for underweight patients for better clinical and treatment outcome.",
"At least 50 % of female migraineurs experience migraine associated with the perimenstrual period, even though they may also suffer from attacks at other times of the cycle (menstrually related migraine, MRM). MRM attacks tend to be longer and more intense than those arising in other phases of the menstrual cycle, and are often aggravated by more pronounced vegetative phenomena. In this open preliminary trial, we tested the efficacy of associating frovatriptan and dexketoprofen for the treatment of an acute attack of MRM, diagnosed according to the criteria of the International Headache Society, in 24 patients between 19 and 45 years of age (mean 31.33 ± 7.33). Twenty-one of them completed the study. Pain relief was achieved by 76 % of patients at 2 h and by 86 % at 4 h. A pain-free state was achieved by 48 % at 2 h and by 62 % at 4 h from taking the product. A pain-free state at 24 h was present in 76 % of MRM sufferers, 33 % of whom showed a sustained pain-free state at 24 h. A rescue medication was needed by eight patients. While decidedly encouraging, the data of this study obviously need confirmation with double blind studies involving a greater number of patients.",
"Cellular responses to Plasmodium falciparum parasites, in particular interferon-gamma (IFNγ) production, play an important role in anti-malarial immunity. However, clinical immunity to malaria develops slowly amongst naturally exposed populations, the dynamics of cellular responses in relation to exposure are difficult to study and data about the persistence of such responses are controversial. Here we assess the longevity and composition of cellular immune responses following experimental malaria infection in human volunteers. We conducted a longitudinal study of cellular immunological responses to sporozoites (PfSpz) and asexual blood-stage (PfRBC) malaria parasites in naïve human volunteers undergoing single (n = 5) or multiple (n = 10) experimental P. falciparum infections under highly controlled conditions. IFNγ and interleukin-2 (IL-2) responses following in vitro re-stimulation were measured by flow-cytometry prior to, during and more than one year post infection. We show that cellular responses to both PfSpz and PfRBC are induced and remain almost undiminished up to 14 months after even a single malaria episode. Remarkably, not only 'adaptive' but also 'innate' lymphocyte subsets contribute to the increased IFNγ response, including αβT cells, γδT cells and NK cells. Furthermore, results from depletion and autologous recombination experiments of lymphocyte subsets suggest that immunological memory for PfRBC is carried within both the αβT cells and γδT compartments. Indeed, the majority of cytokine producing T lymphocytes express an CD45RO(+) CD62L(-) effector memory (EM) phenotype both early and late post infection. Finally, we demonstrate that malaria infection induces and maintains polyfunctional (IFNγ(+)IL-2(+)) EM responses against both PfRBC and PfSpz, previously found to be associated with protection. These data demonstrate that cellular responses can be readily induced and are long-lived following infection with P. falciparum, with a persisting contribution by not only adaptive but also (semi-)innate lymphocyte subsets. The implications hereof are positive for malaria vaccine development, but focus attention on those factors potentially inhibiting such responses in the field.",
"Extremely low-frequency daily-life electromagnetic fields do not disturb sensing capabilities of ICDs. However, strong 50-Hz electromagnetic fields, present in certain occupational environments, may cause inappropriate sensing, potentially leading to false detection of atrial/ventricular arrhythmic events. When the right atrial/right ventricular interferences are compared, the atrial lead is more susceptible to electromagnetic fields.",
"LAA occlusion can be safely performed at the time of cardiac surgery. A large trial to evaluate the clinical efficacy of LAA occlusion in patients undergoing cardiac surgery is possible in motivated centres with some modifications to the design of LAAOS II.",
"The initiation of a prophylactic treatment in a migraine sufferer depends upon the stratification of the patient's frequency of attacks and the disability they cause, as well as the patient's acute consumption and comorbid diseases. We report on 14 patients who were among a group of 618 migraine sufferers who received a new preventative treatment. These 14 patients developed an increase in the frequency of their migraine attacks that was possibly induced by this new prophylactic treatment. The clinical description of the migraine attacks remained the same but the frequency of the attacks of migraine without aura was dramatically increased. This is, to our knowledge, the first description of a possible precipitation of attacks of migraine without aura with a prophylactic treatment. There is no link with a specific class of prophylactic treatment. We hypothesize that the migraine sufferers who experienced aggravation after the new prophylactic drug had been introduced had a paradoxical decrease in the induction threshold for cortical spreading depression (CSD). Mechanisms of such a decrease are unknown and are probably multifactorial, but changes in serotonin neurotransmission have been experimentally demonstrated to modify cortical excitability and favour CSD. The aggravation was described only for attacks without aura. However, with only 14 patients, it is not possible to predict whether suffering from that the type of migraine is a factor that predisposes a patient to aggravation. While additional cases are necessary, physicians should be aware of the possibility that prophylactic treatment may exacerbate migraine attacks.",
"Experimental and pilot clinical trials suggest the role of melatoninergic systems in the pathogenesis of migraine and the treatment effect of drugs acting on melatonin receptors. Authors studied the efficacy of the MT1- and MT2 agonist and selective 5-HT2C receptor antagonist agomelatine in the migraine prevention. Twenty patients with migraine, aged from 23 to 45 years, were treated with agomelatin in dose 25 mg per day during 3 months. The frequency of migraine attacks decreased from 7.4±2.4 to 3.8±1.4 (p=0.025), the duration and intensity of attacks decreased from 38.0±14.10 h to 24.0±6.1 h (p=0.018). The increase of treatment efficacy index, the decrease of headache impact on the general state measured with the VAS (from 8.1±1.8 to 7.2±1.6; p=0.01) and quality of life (HIT-6 index) as well as the duration of disability caused by headache (HALT index) were seen. The reduction of depression severity and normalization of night sleep were found in patients treated with agomelatin.",
"LAA dimensions and contractility indices were higher, artifacts were significantly differentiated, previously unsuspected LAA filling defects were identified, and the level of confidence in excluding thrombus was enhanced in the contrast images when compared to the noncontrast images. After 4 months follow-up, 1 stroke-associated death occurred in a patient who had LAA thrombus recognized only by contrast. Left atrial appendage visualization is enhanced with microbubble contrast agent use during transesophageal echocardiography guided cardioversion and is useful in identification of intracardiac thrombus.",
"These results suggest that stroke risk scores should be thoroughly heeded based on guidelines, and that anticoagulation must be applied according to their guidance.",
"With prompt initiation of anti-tuberculosis treatment and access to ART, excellent outcomes were achieved in a public health setting in HIV-infected adults who developed TB disease.",
"Having a personal health record resulted in significantly improved quality of medical care and increased use of medical services among patients. Personal health records could provide a relatively low-cost scalable strategy for improving medical care for patients with comorbid medical and serious mental illnesses.",
"Everolimus was associated with high therapeutic efficacy and tolerability in patients with nonfunctioning NETs, and demonstrated modest efficacy in patients with pheochromocytomas/paragangliomas.",
"In patients with primary open-angle glaucoma, single-dose nimesulide significantly enhances the latanoprost-induced IOP-lowering effects during the short plasma half-life of this non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug.",
"Drug-resistant tuberculosis (TB), especially multidrug-resistant TB (MDR-TB), is still one of the most serious threats to TB control worldwide. Early diagnosis of MDR-TB is important for effectively blocking transmission and establishing an effective protocol for chemotherapy. Genechip is a rapid diagnostic method based on molecular biology that overcomes the poor biosafety, time consumption, and other drawbacks of traditional drug sensitivity testing (DST) that can detect MDR-TB. However, the Genechip approach has not been effectively evaluated, especially in limited-resource laboratories. In this study, we evaluated the performance of Genechip for MDR-TB in 1,814 patients in four prefectural or municipal laboratories and compared its performance with that of traditional DST. The results showed that the sensitivity and specificity of Genechip were 87.56% and 97.95% for rifampin resistance and 80.34% and 95.82% for isoniazid resistance, respectively. In addition, we found that the positive grade of the sputum smears influenced the judgment of results by Genechip. The test judged only 75% of the specimens of "scanty" positive grade. However, the positive grade of the specimens showed no influence on the accuracy of Genechip. Overall, the study suggests that, in limited-resource laboratories, Genechip showed high sensitivity and specificity for rifampin and isoniazid resistance, making it a more effective, rapid, safe, and cost-beneficial method worthy of broader use in limited-resource laboratories in China.",
"This study found no clear evidence for pollution effects on STEMIs and stroke, which ultimately represent thrombogenic processes, though it did for pulmonary embolism. The strongest associations with air pollution were observed with selected non-MI outcomes.",
"The midpoint method presents a simple option to reduce bias in time-updated CD4+ analysis, particularly at low CD4 cell counts and rapidly increasing counts after ART initiation.",
"In LQT1 patients, β-blockers reduced QT and T(pe) during exercise and recovery, supporting the theory that β-blocker therapy protects LQT1 patients by reducing dispersion of repolarization during exercise and recovery.",
"RAFTING provides updated insights into the current features and management of AF in Greece. The majority of patients have a sufficiently high risk to warrant oral anticoagulation and further attempts to comply with the existing guidelines are warranted.",
"Impella and TandemHeart use in VT ablation facilitates extensive activation mapping of several unstable VTs and requires fewer rescue shocks during the procedure when compared with using IABP.",
"null",
"Divalproate extended release is more effective at 3 months than AMT; however, at 6 months, both are equally effective in migraine prophylaxis.",
"Delay in tuberculosis diagnosis was identified as a risk factor for treatment compliance failure. The study population had similar baseline epidemiologic characteristics to those described in other cohort studies.",
"Methoxy polyethylene glycol-epoetin beta, a continuous erythropoietin receptor activator (CERA), is reported to be effective in managing renal anemia but there is little data about CERA in Japan. This study aimed to ascertain the effects of CERA in Japanese hemodialysis patients and the appropriate starting dose of CERA when switching from other erythropoiesis-stimulating agents. We switched 61 stable hemodialysis patients to 4-weekly intravenous CERA, from either epoetin beta (rHuEPO) or darbepoetin alpha (DA). When determining the initial dose of CERA, we used guidelines recommended by the Japanese supplier for switching from rHuEPO, but for DA we based the CERA dose on European reports, because no Japanese guidelines exist. Fifty-two patients completed the 28-week study. Hemoglobin was maintained within the target range (10.0-12.0 g/dL). The required CERA dose decreased over the 28 weeks. The hemoglobin level and CERA dose stabilized faster when switching from DA. CERA showed similar efficacy in diabetic and non-diabetic patients. The effect of CERA is similar regardless of whether patients switch from low- or high-dose erythropoiesis-stimulating agents. In conclusion, CERA is effective for Japanese hemodialysis patients at a lower dose than expected.",
"Long-term fish oil supplementation did not suppress AT/AF burden but may have attenuated its temporal progression related to aging and sinus node disease.",
"Results of this exploratory study suggest that INO may be beneficial for acute vaso-occlusive crisis. These preliminary results warrant further investigation.",
"Cox analysis demonstrated that for 1 beat/min increase in resting heart rate, there was a 4% greater adjusted relative risk for incident HF (hazard ratio: 1.04; 95% CI: 1.02 to 1.06; p < 0.001). Adjusted multiple regression models demonstrated that resting heart rate was positively associated with deteriorating εcc and decrease in EF, even when all coronary heart disease events were excluded from the model.",
"Our findings suggest that leukocytes from diabetic patients kill retinal endothelial cells, and that berberine can inhibit this leukocyte-mediated killing of vascular endothelium. Coculture of leukocytes with HRECs might serve as a biomarker to study the role of leukocytes in the development of diabetic retinopathy, and the data are consistent with berberine being a therapy against diabetic retinopathy.",
"In adolescent migraineurs, after up to 12 months and over 12,000 exposures to sumatriptan/naproxen sodium, there were no new or clinically significant findings in the safety parameters, including the frequency and nature of adverse events, as compared to the individual components or to the adverse event profile in adults. In addition, sumatriptan/naproxen sodium provided freedom from pain over time, improvements in quality of life and medication satisfaction.",
"A QNL-based regimen may be safe and effective for treatment of tuberculosis and may lower the risk of graft failure in renal transplant recipients.",
"Antituberculosis properties of methyldioxotetrahydropyrimidine sulfonisonicotinoyl hydrazide (MSH) registered in Russia under the name of tubosan of the class of immunotropic agents were investigated with the use of 78 clinical isolates of Mycobacterium tuberculosis (MBT). In concentration of 60 or 80 mcg/ml the drug showed significant antituberculosis activity. The effect of MSH on drug susceptible MBT was bactericidal. The effect of MSH on the drug resistant MBT (with the isoniazid MIC of 1 mcg/ml) was bactericidal in 75% of the cases and bacteriostatic in 25% of the cases. With the use of MBT resistant to isoniazid in a concentration of 10 mcg/ml the antituberculosis effect was observed in 47% of the cases. The complex treatment of 102 patients with destructive forms of tuberculosis in a daily dose of 800-1200 mg for 2-5 months provided significant clinicoroentgenologic positive dynamics of the process in 75% of the patients. The destructive cavities closed up in 30% of the patients and reduction of the destruction dimentions up to 0.5-2 cm was stated in 45% of the patients. In the control group of 40 patients insignificant dynamics of the destructive processes was observed only in 40% of the patients. Satisfactory tolerability of the drug was registered. The immunity status parameters improved with increase of the total number of T-lymphocytes and phagocytosis indices. The study showed that MSH was efficient in complex therapy of tuberculosis patients allow for increased number of cases with drug resistant tuberculosis.",
"A total of 743 cardioversions were performed in 540 patients: 265 first cardioversions in patients assigned to apixaban and 275 in those assigned to warfarin. The mean time to the first cardioversion for patients assigned to warfarin and apixaban was 243 ± 231 days and 251 ± 248 days, respectively; 75% of the cardioversions occurred by 1 year. Baseline characteristics were similar between groups. In patients undergoing cardioversion, no stroke or systemic emboli occurred in the 30-day follow-up period. Myocardial infarction occurred in 1 patient (0.2%) receiving warfarin and 1 patient receiving apixaban (0.3%). Major bleeding occurred in 1 patient (0.2%) receiving warfarin and 1 patient receiving apixaban (0.3%). Death occurred in 2 patients (0.5%) receiving warfarin and 2 patients receiving apixaban (0.6%).",
"Socio-economic inequalities in TB mortality exist in all European countries. Firm political commitment is required to reduce inequalities in the social determinants of TB incidence. Targeted public health measures are called for to improve access to treatment of vulnerable groups and thereby reduce TB mortality.",
"This pilot study shows that intravenous ivabradine may be used safely to slow the heart rate in STEMI. Further studies are needed to characterize its effect on infarct size, left ventricular function and clinical outcomes in this population.",
"National Institutes of Health.",
"Mapping LV segmental shortening in relation to early systolic stretch may aid dyssynchrony assessment in patients undergoing CRT. ",
"null",
"Bimatoprost PF is non-inferior and equivalent to bimatoprost in its ability to reduce IOP-lowering with a safety profile similar to bimatoprost.",
"PTH seems to play the major role in the regulation of phosphate excretion in DM CKD. The role of FGF-23 in phosphate disposal in DM CKD remains debatable.",
"Spontaneous pneumothorax is a common disease and as many as 20% of these patients should be operated because of a recurrent pneumothorax, persistent air leak, or failure to completely reexpand the lung. From January 1993 until March 1994, on the basis of experiment, we performed video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS) intervention and talc pleurodesis on 8 patients with spontaneous pneumothorax caused by ruptured bullae, and designed a new procedure of occluding the bullae with interruptured titanium clips. This procedure has some advantages of complete occlusion of lung tissue at the base of the bulla, minimal loss of lung tissue, effectively preventing leakage and recurrent pneumothoraces, and enough capacity of anti-tension while the lung expands. Also Authors have advocated giving a negative pressure suction to opsilateral lumen of the Carlen's tube interbation to visualize adequately the intrathoracic structures, while selective lung ventilation is performed. This method keeps hemodynamic stability and is performed more easily and safely than that of positive pressure insufflation is done. Postoperatively, complete lung expansion was obtained in all patients. There were no perioperative complications related to VATS, and no recurrences to date. These early results with thoracoscopic management of spontaneous pneumothorax caused by ruptured bullae have encouraging.",
"Low-dose dipyridamole safely prolongs the electrophysiological effects of adenosine test without provoking additional PV reconnection. This allows sustained visualization and facilitates complete RF elimination of the electrical conduction gap.",
"null",
"Human normal-organ kinetics, radiation dosimetry, clinical safety, and imaging efficacy provide compelling evidence for the use of high-specific-activity (123)I-iobenguane.",
"Restoration of sinus rhythm by catheter ablation of AF is associated with lower rates of stroke and death compared with patients treated medically.",
"At randomization, 836 eligible patients had been receiving ART for a mean of 3.7 years, with a median CD4 count of 489 cells/μL; 94% had a viral load <400 copies/mL. Among those continuing (n = 452) vs discontinuing (n = 384) cotrimoxazole, 0.4 vs 12.2%, respectively, had at least 1 episode of malaria (P < .001), and 14% vs 25%, respectively, had at least 1 episode of diarrhea (P < .001). Compared to those remaining on cotrimoxazole, patients who discontinued had a relative risk of malaria of 32.5 (95% confidence interval [CI], 8.6-275.0; P < .001) and of diarrhea of 1.8 (95% CI, 1.3-2.4; P < .001).",
"The oriented restriction of third trimester maternal ingestion of polyphenol-rich foods for a period of 2 weeks or more improve fetal ductus arteriosus flow dynamics and right ventricular dimensions.",
"The study results suggest that addition of rabeprazole to quinine regimen resulted in an increase in the parasite elimination rate, which may be helpful in reducing the duration of treatment and increasing patient compliance.",
"Studies of frailty among patients on hemodialysis have relied on definitions that substitute self-reported functioning for measures of physical performance and omit weight loss or substitute alternate criteria. We examined the association between body composition and a definition of frailty that includes measured physical performance and weight loss in a cross-sectional analysis of 638 adult patients receiving maintenance hemodialysis at 14 centers. Frailty was defined as having three of following characteristics: weight loss, weakness, exhaustion, low physical activity, and slow gait speed. We performed logistic regression with body mass index (BMI) and bioelectrical impedance spectroscopy (BIS)-derived estimates of intracellular water (ICW), fat mass, and extracellular water (ECW) as the main predictors, and age, sex, race, and comorbidity as covariates. Overall, 30% of participants were frail. Older age (odds ratio [OR], 1.31 per 10 years; 95% confidence interval [95% CI], 1.14 to 1.50), diabetes (OR, 1.65; 95% CI, 1.13 to 2.40), higher fat mass (OR, 1.18; 95% CI, 1.02 to 1.37), and higher ECW (OR, 1.33; 95% CI, 1.20 to 1.47) associated with higher odds of frailty. Higher ICW associated with lower odds of frailty (OR, 0.80 per kg; 95% CI, 0.73 to 0.87). The addition of BMI data did not change the area under the receiver operating characteristics curve (AUC; AUC=0.66 versus 0.66; P=0.71), but the addition of BIS data did change the AUC (AUC=0.72; P<0.001). Thus, individual components of body composition but not BMI associate strongly with frailty in this cohort of patients receiving hemodialysis.",
"The results indicate that tirofiban and warfarin combined with aspirin and clopidogrel could reduce the rates of MACCE and bleeding, and it could prevent non-acute stent thrombosis safely and effectively after percutaneous coronary intervention with DES.",
"The present study sought to determine the extent to which adverse angiographic events encountered during percutaneous coronary intervention for ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) are associated with adverse clinical outcomes. Patients with STEMI represent a cohort at particularly high risk of intraprocedural thrombotic events (IPTEs). The overall frequency and implications of IPTEs occurring in patients with STEMI have not been systematically quantified in previous studies. A total of 3,163 patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention with stent implantation for STEMI in the Harmonizing Outcomes with RevasculariZatiON and Stents in Acute Myocardial Infarction (HORIZONS-AMI) trial underwent detailed frame-by-frame core laboratory angiographic analysis to assess IPTEs. The clinical outcomes at 30 days were compared between the patients with and without IPTEs. IPTEs, defined as the development of new or increasing thrombus, abrupt vessel closure, no reflow, slow reflow, and distal embolization at any point during the procedure, occurred in 386 patients (12.2%). The independent predictors of IPTE were thrombus at baseline, lesion length, and randomization to bivalirudin; the patients with IPTEs were also more likely to receive bailout glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors and unplanned thrombectomy. Compared with patients without IPTEs, the patients with IPTEs had higher 30-day rates of composite major adverse cardiovascular events (death, myocardial infarction, ischemic target vessel revascularization, and stroke; 7.8% vs 4.2%, p = 0.002), major bleeding not related to coronary artery bypass grafting (11.8% vs 6.5%, p <0.001), and all-cause death (4.2% vs 1.8%, p = 0.002). On multivariate analysis, IPTEs were independently associated with 30-day major adverse cardiovascular events, major bleeding, and death. In conclusion, the development of IPTEs in patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention for STEMI was associated with subsequent adverse outcomes, including major adverse cardiovascular events, major bleeding, and death. Additional studies of strategies to decrease the occurrence of IPTEs are warranted.",
"Changing patients from prior monotherapy to TTFC can provide on average a further reduction in IOP, while demonstrating a favorable safety profile.",
"In the setting of potent statin therapy, HDL particle number may be a better marker of residual risk than chemically measured HDL-C or apoA-I. This has potential implications for evaluating novel therapies targeting HDL.",
"Appropriate therapies are more prevalent in symptomatic Brugada syndrome patients but are not insignificant in asymptomatic patients (1%/y). Optimal implantable cardioverter-defibrillator programming and follow-up dramatically reduce inappropriate shock. However, lead failure remains a major problem in this population.",
"Erythrocytes from sickle cell anaemia (SCA) patients continuously produce larger amounts of pro-oxidants than normal cells. Oxidative stress seems to primarily affect the membrane and results in haemolysis. The use of antioxidants in vitro reduces the generation of pro-oxidants. To evaluate the impact of vitamins C (VitC) and E (VitE) supplementation in SCA patients, patients over 18 years were randomly assigned to receive VitC 1400 mg + VitE 800 mg per day or placebo orally for 180 d. Eighty-three patients were enrolled (44 vitamins, 39 placebo), median age 27 (18-68) years, 64% female. There were no significant differences between the two groups regarding clinical complications or baseline laboratorial tests. Sixty percent of the patients were VitC deficient, 70% were VitE deficient. Supplementation significantly increased serum VitC and E. However, no significant changes in haemoglobin levels were observed, and, unexpectedly, there was a significant increase in haemolytic markers with vitamin supplementation. In conclusion, VitC + VitE supplementation did not improve anaemia and, surprisingly, increased markers of haemolysis in patients with SCA and S-β(0) -thalassaemia. The exact mechanisms to explain this findings and their clinical significance remain to be determined.",
"Use of simple SMS technology ensured high reporting rates of reasonably accurate, real-time facility stock data that were used by district managers to undertake corrective actions to reduce stock-outs. Future work on stock monitoring via SMS should focus on assessing response rates without use of incentives and demonstrating effectiveness of such interventions on a larger scale.",
"null",
"The purpose of our entomological survey was to estimate mosquito biodiversity, infectivity rates and insecticide resistance levels in Anopheles species in four study sites in a mining area with high malaria transmission in southeastern Guinea. Anopheles gambiae s.l. (77%) was the most common Anopheles collected followed by An. funestus (20%). The specimens of the An. gambiae complex were predominantly An. gambiae S form (97.6%) with 1.4% of An. gambiae M form found in Kérouané only, and 1% of An. arabiensis which was present in all four study sites. Anopheles gambiae S form and An. funestus were found to be infected with Plasmodium falciparum, with infectivity rates of 4.1% and 4.4% and inoculation rates of 0.60 and 0.19 infected bite/person/night, respectively. In addition, a high level (79%) of the knockdown resistance (kdr) L1014F mutation was reported in the populations of An. gambiae S form. The high malaria transmission that occurs in the prospected area of Guinea requires a long-term vector control programme. However, such a control programme will have to consider the presence of the kdr gene at a surprisingly high level within the dominant vector, which could reduce the expected impact of vector control.",
"Both fixed combinations were capable of significantly reducing the mean diurnal IOP, mean diurnal peak, and mean WDT peak after 8 weeks of treatment. Also, both fixed combinations are well tolerated with few side effects.",
"Recent trials have favoured ventricular rate control in atrial fibrillation (AF) management, however the present study investigated whether the restoration and maintenance of sinus rhythm with long-term anticoagulation therapy was superior in terms of embolic events and death in 534 patients with an AF duration > 48 h. Patients were randomized and received sinus rhythm control with either aspirin (group 1) or warfarin (group 2), or they were given ventricular rate control (group 3). Cardioversion to sinus rhythm was attempted in 425 patients and was successful in 387 (91.1%) of them. After 3 years' follow-up there were 12, two and 15 embolic events in groups 1, 2 and 3 respectively (significant difference between groups 1 and 2, and 2 and 3) and overall mortalities were four, two and 12, respectively (significant difference between groups 2 and 3). It is concluded that patients with an AF duration > 48 h might benefit considerably from sinus rhythm restoration and long-term warfarin therapy in terms of embolic events and mortality.",
"Former Soviet Union countries including the Baltic States (Latvia, Lithuania, and Estonia) are hot spots for an emerging epidemic of drug resistant tuberculosis (TB). As a part of the development of a co-ordinated network of centers for diagnostic trials across Eastern Europe we conducted a retrospective multicenter analysis of the performance of the GenoType® MTBDRPlus assay for TB identification and susceptibility to isoniazid (INH) and rifampicin (RIF) in routine settings. A total of 1,045 primary samples, 1045 TB cultures derived from these specimens and 306 separate M. tuberculosis isolates tested in 2007-2010 at four participating sites (Tartu, Estonia; Riga, Latvia; Vilnius, Lithuania; and Samara, Russian Federation) were included in the analysis. The pooled sensitivity and specificity values for RIF and INH were 95.3% and 95.5%, 89.9 and 87.1%, respectively; there were no statistically significant variations in performance across sites. The proportion of multidrug resistant (MDR) strains in the collections ranged from 21.8% (in Estonia) to 55.9% (in Russia). In a routine non-trial context, the assay reliably detected both rifampicin and isoniazid resistance. The absence of statistically significant differences between sites suggested that the comparable performance obtained using these assays has helped demonstrate the formation of a successful diagnostic trial network.",
"Non-FA lesions were clinically stable and were rarely associated with clinical events during 3 years of follow-up. The intermediate-term prognosis in patients presenting with ACS in whom all nonculprit lesions are non-FAs is favorable. (",
"Needle electrical cervical root stimulation may be performed lateral to the C5/C6 or C7/T1 spinous process interspaces. Pneumothorax has been reported following C7/T1 root stimulation. We evaluated the efficacy of a modified C5/C6 stimulation technique in exciting C8/T1 roots in 15 normal subjects and 36 patients with motor neuron disease (204 procedures). No instances of a 50% or greater amplitude decline occurred. C5/C6 interspace stimulation, therefore, may be used to excite C8/T1 roots while minimizing pneumothorax risk.",
"We evaluated the feasibility and effectiveness of a website designed to improve compliance to treatment protocols in adolescents with type-1 diabetes. Fifty-nine adolescents, 13-18 years of age, were randomly assigned to a control or experimental group. The control group received standard medical care as usual. The experimental group participated in an interactive, 7-week web-based intervention, taking part in problem-solving through discussion forums, chat rooms and blogs. Fifty of the 59 participants (85%) completed measures assessing diabetes-related quality of life, self-efficacy and outcome expectations. These variables were expected to be interrelated and their combined effects were considered as mediators of compliance. There was a marginally significant difference between the two groups on these combined measures (P = 0.052), with the control group scoring significantly higher on Positive Outcome Expectations (P = 0.03) both pre- and post-treatment. Attrition in the period between recruitment and the beginning of the intervention reduced power. Self-Efficacy was significantly correlated with Positive Outcome Expectations (r = 0.30, P = 0.037) and Diabetes Self-Management and Diabetes Quality of Life for Youths (r = 0.43, P = 0.002). In an exit survey, 90% of participants indicated that they were more willing to comply with their treatment protocol after participating in the intervention. An online website is a promising tool to bring adolescents with a chronic disease together, providing problem solving activities and social support.",
"null",
"The Wellcome Trust.",
"Slight elevations in cardiac troponin I and T are frequently observed after percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). Contrast-induced acute kidney injury (CI-AKI) is a complex syndrome induced by exposure to intravascular contrast media (CM). Currently, the relationships between the CM, pre-existing kidney insufficiency, CI-AKI, and myonecrosis after elective PCI are unclear. To investigate the relationship between CI-AKI and post-procedural myonecrosis (PMN) after PCI, we analyzed 327 non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome subjects undertaking elective PCI. The levels of cardiac troponins (cTns), cTnI and cTnT, at baseline and on at least one occasion 18-24 h after PCI were measured. We also recorded serum levels of creatinine (SCr) and the urine albumin:creatinine ratio (ACR) before coronary angiography, and 24-48 h and 48-72 h after contrast administration. A post-procedure increase in cTns was detected in 16.21% (53/327) of subjects with cTns levels >99th to 5×99th percentile upper reference limit (URL). Twenty-seven patients (8.26%) developed CI-AKI. CI-AKI occurred more often in subjects with PMN than in those without PMN (20.8% versus 5.8%, respectively, P=0.001). Multiple logistic regression analysis revealed that pre-existing microalbuminuria (MA) was an important independent predictor of PMN (OR: 3.31; 95% CI: 1.26-8.65, P=0.01). However, there was no correlation between the incidence of CI-AKI and PMN (OR: 2.38; 95% CI: 0.88-6.46, P=0.09). We conclude that pre-existing MA was not only an important independent predictor of CI-AKI but also of PMN.",
"Atrial fibrillation and congestive heart failure patients with high AS had better long-term prognosis with rhythm- than rate-control. If replicated, AS should be considered in treatment selection. Research is also needed concerning mechanisms and possible joint AS-AF treatments.",
"null",
"Postconditioning does not significantly increase myocardial salvage or reduce infarct size in patients with STEMI undergoing PPCI. However, the possibility of a more modest impact of postconditioning cannot be excluded with our sample size.",
"This study evaluated the effect of telmisartan, ramipril, and amlodipine on atrial fibrillation (AF) recurrence and severity in hypertensive patients with metabolic syndrome. A total of 391 hypertensive outpatients with metabolic syndrome, in sinus rhythm but with at least 2 episodes of AF in the previous 6 months were randomized to telmisartan, ramipril, or amlodipine for 1 year. At the first AF, ventricular rate (VR) and plasma cardiac troponin I (TnI) were evaluated. P-wave dispersion (PWD) and procollagen type I carboxy-terminal peptide (PIP) were evaluated before and after 12 months of treatment. Systolic blood pressure (SBP) and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) were similarly and significantly reduced by all treatments (P < .001). In all, 49% of patients treated with amlodipine had a recurrence of AF as did 25.5% of patients with ramipril and 12.9% of patients with telmisartan (P < .01 vs amlodipine and P < .05 vs ramipril). Ventricular rate and TnI at the first AF recurrence were significantly lower with telmisartan and ramipril than with amlodipine. P-wave dispersion was reduced by ramipril (-5.1 ms, P < .05) and even more by telmisartan (-11 ms, P < .01). Telmisartan and ramipril induced a similar PIP reduction (-52.8 and -49.8 µg/L, respectively, P < .01). These findings suggested that in these patients telmisartan was more effective than ramipril in reducing AF recurrence and severity as well as in improving PWD, despite a similar BP reduction and a similar improvement in cardiac fibrosis. This could be related to a specific effect of telmisartan on atrial electric remodeling.",
"Unlike common AF, paroxysmal LAF is independently associated with shorter minPWdur. This finding suggests that both shorter and prolonged PWdur may be associated with increased risk of AF.",
"The objective of this prospective cohort study was to describe real-life use of lipid-lowering drugs and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) target-attainment rates 1 year after acute myocardial infarction (AMI). LDL-C was recorded at hospital admission for AMI and at follow-up at 2 and 12 months after AMI in 17,236 patients in the Swedish heart registry, SWEDEHEART, from 2004 through 2009. Lipid-lowering treatments were identified using the Swedish Prescribed Drug Register. More than 90% of patients received statins after AMI. Simvastatin ≤40 mg was used by 80% of patients at discharge and at 2 months and 68% at 1 year after AMI. Intensive statin therapy (LDL-C-lowering capacity >40%) was prescribed for 8.4%, 11.9%, and 12.2% at these time points, and combinations of statin/ezetimibe for 1.1%, 2.8%, and 5.0%, respectively. The LDL-C target of <2.5 mmol/L (97 mg/dl) was achieved in 74.5% of patients at 2 months and 72.3% at 12 months after AMI. Treatment was intensified for only 21.3% of patients with LDL-C above target at 2 months. In multivariate analysis, higher LDL-C levels at admission and at 2 months correlated to increased risk for under treatment at 12 months after AMI. In conclusion, statin treatment after AMI in Sweden has become standard, but titration to reach recommended LDL-C levels is still suboptimal. Strategies to further improve implementation of guidelines are needed.",
"The PACT-Q has been rigorously developed and linguistically validated. It is available in 14 languages for use with thromboembolic patients, including AF, PE and DVT patients. Its validation and psychometric properties have been tested and are presented in a separate manuscript.",
"We have developed and validated an accurate algorithm for prediction of the stable therapeutic dose of acenocoumarol in a Romania population.",
"The number of tumours, electrode positions, and the anticipated electrode trajectory through aerated lung impacts on the likelihood of a pneumothorax. These considerations should be factored into patient selection, the choice of approach, and trajectory used in RFA.",
"Among patients receiving an ICD, the use of a long- vs standard-detection interval resulted in a lower rate of ATP and shocks, and inappropriate shocks. This programming strategy may be an appropriate alternative.",
"For zolmitriptan, 2-hour pain relief rates were higher in the good HTR subgroup (116/162, 72%) than in the intermediate (29/62, 47%) and poor/no use (44/111, 40%) HTR subgroups. The 2-hour pain relief rates were similar across HTR subgroups for telcagepant 150 mg (48-58%), 300 mg (52-58%), and placebo (26-31%). In the poor/no use HTR subgroup, more patients receiving telcagepant 300 mg (56/98, 57.1%) had 2-hour pain relief than those receiving zolmitriptan (44/111, 39.6%; odds ratio = 2.11 [95% CI: 1.20,3.71], P = .009); the percentage for telcagepant 150 mg (57/119, 47.9%) was not significantly different from zolmitriptan (odds ratio = 1.41 [95% CI: 0.82, 2.40], P = .211).",
"This study affirms the effects of OMT on migraine headache in regard to decreased pain intensity and the reduction of number of days with migraine as well as working disability, and partly on improvement of HRQoL. Future studies with a larger sample size should reproduce the results with a control group receiving placebo treatment in a long-term follow-up.",
"Based on these findings, results from household surveys should continue to be used for ascertaining the coverage of children with a fever in the past 2 wk that received an ACT. However, as recall of a malaria diagnosis remains suboptimal, its use in defining malaria treatment coverage is not recommended.",
"Right ventricular (RV) infarction is associated with increased mortality. Functional mitral regurgitation (FMR) may complicate inferoposterior infarction with RV involvement leading to pulmonary hypertension and increased RV afterload, potentially exacerbating RV remodeling and dysfunction. We studied 179 patients with inferior wall left ventricular (LV) ST-elevation myocardial infarction and RV infarction. The presence and severity of FMR and RV function were assessed by echocardiography. FMR was diagnosed based on echocardiographic criteria and when the severity of regurgitation was ≥moderate. Eighteen patients (10.0%) had ≥moderate FMR. Estimated pulmonary artery systolic pressure was higher in patients with FMR than in patients without FMR (43 ± 10 vs 34 ± 10 mmHg, respectively, p = 0.002). RV systolic dysfunction was present in 76 patients (42.5%). FMR was a strong predictor of RV dysfunction (odds ratio 5.35, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.65 to 17.48, p = 0.005) independent of reperfusion therapy. During a median follow-up of 4.1 years, 20 (12.4%) and 10 (55.6%) deaths occurred in patients with and without FMR, respectively (p <0.001). In a multivariable Cox regression model, compared with patients without FMR and with normal RV function, the adjusted hazard ratio for mortality was 1.02 in patients without FMR and with RV dysfunction (95% CI 0.39 to 2.69, p = 0.97) and 3.62 in patients with FMR with RV dysfunction (95% CI 1.33 to 9.85, p = 0.01). In conclusion, in patients with RV infarction, the development of concomitant hemodynamically significant FMR is associated with RV dysfunction. The risk for mortality is increased predominantly in patients with both RV dysfunction and FMR.",
"Statins are among the most widely used drugs in the management of hypercholesterolemia. In addition to inhibiting endogenous cholesterol synthesis, however, statins decrease coenzyme Q10 (CoQ10) synthesis. CoQ10 has been reported to have antioxidant properties, and administration of drugs that decrease CoQ10 synthesis might lead to increased oxidative stress in vivo. Our present study examined the hypothesis that atorvastatin increased oxidative stress in hypercholesterolemic patients due to its inhibition of CoQ10 synthesis. We investigated the effects of atorvastatin (10 mg/d) administration for 5 months on lowering hypercholesterolemia and blood antioxidant status. The study population included 19 hypercholesterolemic outpatients. Blood levels of lipid and antioxidant markers, consisting of vitamin C, vitamin E, CoQ10, and glutathione (GSH), and urinary levels of 8-hydroxy-2'-deoxyguanosine (8-OHdG) were examined pre- and postadministration of atorvastatin. Atorvastatin administration resulted in a significant decrease in blood levels of total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, vitamin E, and CoQ10 (P < .05); however, a significant increase in the ratios of vitamin E/LDL cholesterol and CoQ10/LDL cholesterol was noted (P < .05). Atorvastatin had no significant effect on red blood cell (RBC) level of GSH and urinary 8-OHdG. The present study provides evidence that atorvastatin exerts a hypocholesterolemic effect, but on the basis of the urinary level of 8-OHdG and the blood ratios of vitamin E/LDL cholesterol and CoQ10/LDL cholesterol, has no oxidative stress-inducing effect.",
"Lung ultrasound can help the clinician make a rapid diagnosis in patients with acute respiratory failure, thus meeting the priority objective of saving time.",
"The modified R-CHA2DS2VASc score has shown good calibration and high discriminative performance in the prediction of post-discharge ischaemic stroke and all-cause mortality. The inclusion of renal function in thromboembolic risk predicting schemes seems warranted.",
"71.4% migraineurs had allodynia that was related to the duration, severity, frequency of migraine, and female gender. Divalproate and amitriptyline were equally effective in relieving allodynia.",
"Telcagepant is a calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) receptor antagonist being evaluated for acute migraine treatment. CGRP is a potent vasodilator that is elevated after myocardial infarction, and it delays ischemia during treadmill exercise. We tested the hypothesis that CGRP receptor antagonism does not reduce treadmill exercise time (TET). The effects of supratherapeutic doses of telcagepant on TET were assessed in a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, two-period, crossover study in patients with stable angina and reproducible exercise-induced angina. Patients received telcagepant (600 mg, n = 46; and 900 mg, n = 14) or placebo and performed treadmill exercise at T(max) (2.5 h after the dose). The hypothesis that telcagepant does not reduce TET was supported if the lower bound of the two-sided 90% confidence interval (CI) for the mean treatment difference (telcagepant-placebo) in TET was more than -60 s. There were no significant between-treatment differences in TET (mean treatment difference: -6.90 (90% CI: -17.66, 3.86) seconds), maximum exercise heart rate, or time to 1-mm ST-segment depression using pooled data or with stratification for dose.",
"These results indicate that [123I]-MIBG scintigraphy is a valuable tool for the local detection of PCT, as is [131I]-MIBG scintigraphy. Furthermore, it is possible that [123I]-MIBG can be used as an alternative to [131I]-MIBG for the detection of PCT. Our study was not a prospective study and the background of the patients was not matched. Further prospective studies are needed in order to determine the efficacy of [123I]-MIBG scintigraphy for the diagnosis of PCT.",
"An educational intervention for general practitioners and a proactive approach to patients with migraine did not result in a clinically relevant improvement of symptoms. Psychological distress was an important confounder of success. (Current Controlled Trials registration no. ISRCTN72421511.).",
"The postoperative stay was equivalent to other laparoscopic series and laparoscopic removal was successful in 89%. The laparoscopic approach to the adrenal gland in phaeochromocytoma is safe and effective treatment.",
"Traumatic vertebral fractures with concomitant fractures of the first rib are associated with multisystem injuries, but not always with morbidity and mortality. A multidisciplinary approach, early diagnosis, appropriate treatment and observation in the intensive care unit may prevent morbidity and/or mortality.",
"An optimal diagnostic approach to an adrenal incidentaloma would consider the results of the biochemical tests and a review of anatomical qualities depicted on CT or magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) while taking into account the previous clinical epidemiologic data.",
"Vernakalant was safe and effective in the rapid conversion of AF to sinus rhythm in patients who had AF after cardiac surgery.",
"Daiichi Sankyo, Eli Lilly.",
"Our findings support the associations between air pollutants and the number of ED visits for headache.",
"In HFREF patients with AF, bucindolol was associated with reductions in composite HF endpoints in those who achieved a resting heart rate ≤ 80 b.p.m. and nominally in those with the β(1)389-Arg homozygous genotype.",
"There is little agreement between provider-assessed risk and empirical scores in AF. These differences may explain, in part, the current divergence of anticoagulation treatment decisions from guideline recommendations.",
"Thrombus aspiration during percutaneous coronary intervention can result in improved rates of normal epicardial flow and myocardial perfusion, but several unmet needs remain. The purpose of the Delivery of thrombolytIcs before thrombectomy in patientS with ST-segment elevatiOn myocardiaL infarction Undergoing primary percuTaneous coronary interventION (DISSOLUTION) trial was to evaluate the hypothesis that local delivery of thrombolytics can enhance the efficacy of thrombus aspiration in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention. A total of 102 patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction and angiographic evidence of massive thrombosis in the culprit artery were randomly assigned to receive a local, intrathrombus bolus of 200,000 U of urokinase (n = 51) or saline solution (n = 51) by way of an infusion microcatheter, followed by manual aspiration thrombectomy. The end points included the final Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction flow grade and frame count, myocardial blush grade, 60-minute ST-segment resolution >70%, and major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events, defined as the death, reinfarction, stroke, or clinically driven target vessel revascularization at 6 months. The use of intrathrombus urokinase was associated with a significantly higher incidence of Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction flow grade 3 (90% vs 66%, p = 0.008) and lower postpercutaneous coronary intervention Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction frame count (19 ± 15 vs 25 ± 17, p = 0.033). The postprocedural myocardial perfusion was significantly increased with the use of urokinase (myocardial blush grade 2 or 3, 68% vs 45%, p = 0.028), with more patients showing ST-segment resolution >70% (82% vs 55%, p = 0.006). At 6 months of follow-up, the patients treated with intrathrombus urokinase showed a better major adverse cardiac event-free survival (6% vs 21%; log-rank p = 0.044). In conclusion, local, intrathrombus delivery of thrombolytics before manual thrombectomy improved the postprocedural coronary flow and myocardial perfusion and the 6-month clinical outcomes.",
"The model characterized important differences between adults and children in the effect of rifampicin on the pharmacokinetics of lopinavir and ritonavir. As adult studies cannot reliably predict their magnitude in children, drug-drug interactions should be evaluated in paediatric patient populations.",
"A recent drug efficacy trial reported Coartem (artemether-lumefantrine) to be highly effective against Plasmodium falciparum in children less than 5 years of age in Papua New Guinea (PNG). In contrast, we have observed high levels of treatment failures in non-trial conditions in a longitudinal cohort study in the same age group in PNG. Recrudescences were confirmed by genotyping of three different marker genes to provide optimal discrimination power between parasite clones. After excluding genetic host factors by genotyping potentially relevant cytochrome P450 loci, the high number of treatment failures in our study is best explained by poor adherence to complex dosing regimens in combination with insufficient fat supplementation, which are both crucial parameters for the outcome of Coartem treatment. In contrast to the situation in classic drug trials with ideal treatment conditions, our field survey highlights potential problems with unsupervised usage of Coartem in routine clinical practice and under program conditions.",
"Bimatoprost 0.03% once daily showed a greater efficacy then timolol 0.05% twice daily in patients with elevated IOP. No significant differences were detected in macular thickness or anterior uveitis using optical coherence tomography and laser flare photometry.",
"Chronic right ventricular apical (RVA) pacing can lead to an increased risk of heart failure and atrial fibrillation, but the acute effects of RVA pacing on left atrial (LA) function are not well known. Twenty-four patients with sick sinus syndrome and intact intrinsic atrioventricular conduction were included. All patients received dual-chamber pacemaker implants with the atrial lead in the right atrial appendage and the ventricular lead in the right ventricular (RV) apex. Transthoracic standard and strain echocardiography (measured by tissue Doppler imaging and speckle tracking image) were performed to identify functional changes in the left ventricle (LV) and LA before and after 1 hour of RVA pacing. The LA volume index did not change after pacing; however, the ratio of peak early diastolic mitral flow velocity (E) to peak early diastolic mitral annular velocity (Ea) was significantly increased and peak systolic LA strain (Sm), mean peak systolic LA strain rate (SmSR), peak early diastolic LA strain rate (EmSR), and peak late diastolic LA strain rate (AmSR) were significantly reduced after RV pacing. LV dyssynchrony, induced by RV pacing, had a significant correlation with E/Ea, Sm, and SmSR after pacing. E/Ea also had a negative correlation with Sm and SmSR after pacing. Multivariate regression analysis identified LV dyssynchrony and E/Ea as important factors that affect Sm, SmSR, EmSR, and AmSR after acute RVA pacing. Acute RVA pacing results in LA functional change and LV dyssynchrony and higher LV filling pressures reflected by E/Ea are important causes of LA dysfunction after acute RVA pacing.",
"The results of Assessment Program effective treatment of patients with myocardiaL INfarction drug ProCORalan (ivabradine) in outpatient practice, conducted in 53 cities of the Russian Federation, 333 doctors. Included 1226 patients (822 men and 404 women, average age 60,1+/-9,3 years). Despite treatment, before inclusion in the patients maintained an average 8,17+/-8,60 (mediana 6) angina attacks per week, elevated blood pressure (141,8+/-20,3/86,2+/-11,6 mm Hg) and heart rate (84,5 +/-10,4 beats / min). Adding to ivabradine treatment for 16 weeks resulted in significant (p<0.00001) reduction in heart rate (up to 63,1+/-7,5 beats / min), the number of angina attacks per week (from 8.17 to 1.27) and need for nitroglycerin (from 7.69 to 0.89 tablets per week). Decreased the number of patients that called ambulance assistance (from 35.6 to 1.5%), and hospitalization (from 15.4 to 1.2%). There was a significant (p<0.00001) increase in evaluating the effectiveness of treatment (from 5,4+/-1,8 to 8,9 +/-1,3 points), reducing the risk stratification of patients (6,1+/-1,5 to 4 3+/-2,0 points), increased stability evaluation of state (from 5,6+/-1,9 to 3,7+/-2,2 points) and improved assessment of prognosis (from 5,7+/-2,0 to 3,6 +/-1,9 points). Expressed significantly positive effects observed after 1 month of therapy, after the effect became more pronounced. Significantly improved quality of life estimated by Seattle Angina Questionnaire and Minnesota Living with Heart Failure. The maximum recommended dose ivabradine of 15mg/day were given 50% of the patients, the dose of 10 mg/day - 28%. Adverse effects were reported in 3.3% of patients, of which, according to doctors associated with taking the drug - 0.82%. During follow up, 4 patients died. Thus, the addition of ivabradine to -blocker therapy, persons with a history of myocardial infarction and angina experiencing elevated heart rate, are the tactics of a rational and safe therapy.",
"Patients with experience instilling topical glaucoma medications continue to have difficulties with eye drop administration, including patients who do not self-report difficulty. The risk of difficulty with eye drop administration is increased in patients who self-report difficulty and in patients who have been previously observed to have difficulty.",
"Vitamin A supplementation (VAS) at birth was not associated with improved survival in a randomised, placebo-controlled trial in Guinea-Bissau. However, a negative sex-differential effect, which became evident after diphtheria-tetanus-pertussis (DTP) vaccination, was noted; among girls who had received DTP, VAS at birth was associated with two-fold higher mortality than placebo. The objective of the present study was to investigate the immunological effects of VAS at birth within a subgroup of participants in the randomised trial. Guided by the mortality results, we further explored whether VAS had a differential effect according to sex and DTP status. At 6 weeks after randomisation and supplementation, we measured differential leucocyte counts and TNF-α, interferon-γ, IL-10, IL-13 and IL-5 production in a whole-blood culture assay. A total of 471 children were included. VAS compared with placebo at birth was associated with a higher proportion of monocytes (relative risk ratio 1·26, 95 % CI 1·07, 1·49, P=0·04), while spontaneous TNF-α production was lower in the VAS group (geometric mean ratio 0·54, 95 % CI, 0·37, 0·78, P=0·001). Stratified analysis showed that VAS was associated with lower TNF-α and IL-10 production for girls without DTP and boys with DTP, resulting in significant three-way interactions between VAS, sex and DTP vaccination status (P=0·03 and P=0·04, respectively) for spontaneous TNF-α and IL-10 production. The results substantiate the potential role of VAS as an immunomodulatory intervention, which has different effects depending on concomitant health interventions and the sex of the recipient.",
"The ability of interpleural analgesia to reduce the pain caused by an indwelling chest drain was evaluated in 22 patients treated for spontaneous pneumothorax. Intermittent 8-hourly bolus injections of 20 ml bupivacaine 0.5% with epinephrine were compared with placebo in a randomized double-blind fashion. Visual analogue pain scale (VAS) scores were registered after the 1st, 2nd, 4th, 7th and 10th injections. The scores were significantly lower in the bupivacaine group at 5, 15, 30 and 60 min after the first injection. No significant differences in pain scores were found after 4 or 8 h. Pain scores in the bupivacaine group were also reduced after the 2nd, 4th, 7th and 10th injections, but compared with placebo the differences were significant only after the 2nd and 7th injections. Parenteral morphine consumption was not significantly lower in the bupivacaine group. Arterial blood gases were unaffected by the treatment in both groups. It is concluded that interpleural analgesia using bupivacaine given as bolus injections at 8-h intervals significantly reduces the pain caused by a chest drain within 5 min of injection, but the duration of pain relief is less than 4 h.",
"Folate supplementation decreases the serum level of Hcy and increases TAC. It seems that a pharmacological dose of folate supplementation could potentially decrease the risk of cardiovascular diseases by reducing serum level of Hcy in adults with hypercholesterolemia.",
"An INR of 1.6-2.6 is safe and effective at preventing thromboembolic events in patients with NVAF, particularly patients aged ≥70 years. An INR of 2.6-2.99 is also effective, but associated with a slightly increased risk in major hemorrhage. (UMIN Clinical Trials Registry UMIN000001569)",
"The aim of the present study was to explore the association between outbursts of anger and acute myocardial infarction (AMI) risk. Outbursts of anger are associated with an abrupt increase in cardiovascular events; however, it remains unknown whether greater levels of anger intensity are associated with greater levels of AMI risk or whether potentially modifiable factors can mitigate the short-term risk of AMI. We conducted a case-crossover analysis of 3,886 participants from the multicenter Determinants of Myocardial Infarction Onset Study, who were interviewed during the index hospitalization for AMI from 1989 to 1996. We compared the observed number and intensity of anger outbursts in the 2 hours preceding AMI symptom onset with its expected frequency according to each patient's control information, defined as the number of anger outbursts in the previous year. Of the 3,886 participants in the Determinants of Myocardial Infarction Onset Study, 1,484 (38%) reported outbursts of anger in the previous year. The incidence rate of AMI onset was elevated 2.43-fold (95% confidence interval 2.01 to 2.90) within 2 hours of an outburst of anger. The association was consistently stronger with increasing anger intensities (p trend <0.001). In conclusion, the risk of experiencing AMI was more than twofold greater after outbursts of anger compared with at other times, and greater intensities of anger were associated with greater relative risks. Compared with nonusers, regular β-blocker users had a lower susceptibility to heart attacks triggered by anger, suggesting that some drugs might lower the risk from each anger episode.",
"Argemone mexicana (AM), a validated herbal medicine for uncomplicated malaria, seems to prevent severe malaria without completely clearing parasites in most patients. This study, in a high transmission area of South Mali, explores whether residual parasitaemia at day 28 was associated with subsequent malaria episodes and/or anaemia. Three hundred and one patients were randomly assigned to AM or artesunate/amodiaquine as first line treatment, of whom 294 were followed up beyond the standard 28 days, to 84 days. From day 29 to day 84, there were no significant differences between treatment groups in new clinical episodes of uncomplicated malaria (0.33 vs 0.31 episodes/patient), severe malaria (< 6% per month of patients aged ≤ 5 years) or moderate anaemia (hematocrit < 24%: 1.1% in both groups at day 84). Total parasite clearance at day 28 was not correlated with incidence of uncomplicated or severe malaria or of moderate anaemia over the subsequent two months. Total parasite clearance at day 28 was not clinically important in the context of high transmission. If this finding can be confirmed, some antimalarials which are clinically effective but do not completely clear parasites could nevertheless be appropriate in high transmission areas. Such a policy could be tested as a way to delay resistance to artemisinin combination therapies.",
"Analgesia and hydration remain the only safe treatment for painful crises of sickle cell disease; hydroxyurea is effective, but the toxicity is still a problem. Piracetam is a nootropic drug that has reportedly been effective and non-toxic in sickle cell patients, but most studies were not placebo-controlled and included a small number of patients. The present study evaluated the drug in a double-blind crossed placebo-controlled clinical trial in 73 children and adolescents suffering from moderate to severe painful crises for 13 months. Information regarding frequency and severity of pain was acquired through monthly clinical evaluation, visits and house calls, and 4,300 weekly questionnaires filled out by the patients in their domiciles. A monthly pain score was calculated for each patient. Pain was the most frequent adverse manifestation of the disease stressing its significant bio-psycho-social impact. Although nearly all patients and relatives reported a better clinical course throughout the whole study, the drug was ineffective in the prevention of painful crises. This placebo effect may be ascribed to an unplanned and unsystematic 'cognitive-behavioural' management of the children. The pain score in the second semester of the study - both in the experimental and in the control groups - was significantly smaller than that in the first semester. In conclusion, piracetam was found to be ineffective in the prevention of painful crises; a powerful placebo effect due to adequate patient care was demonstrated.",
"The assumption that statin therapy can decrease asymmetric dimethylarginine through lowering low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels seems logical and yet arises some controversy. The aim of the present study is to compare the effects of moderate (40 mg) to high (80 mg) simvastatin doses on asymmetric dimethylarginine and total homocysteine levels in patients with newly detected severe hypercholesterolemia (after target LDL-C levels, ≤2.6 mmol/L, are reached). The study included 120 adult patients with newly detected severe hypercholesterolemia (total cholesterol ≥7.5 mmol/L and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol ≥4.9 mmol/L). Asymmetric dimethylarginine levels were determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, total homocysteine-by a high-performance liquid chromatographic method. There was a statistically significant decrease in total cholesterol, triglycerides, low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and apolipoprotein-B levels as well as in the apolipoprotein-B/apolipoprotein-A1 index after a 1-month therapy with 40 mg simvastatin (P <0.001). Asymmetric dimethylarginine and total homocysteine levels were also decreased but the difference did not reach statistical significance (P= 0.571; P= 0.569). A dose-dependent effect was established, comparing the influence of moderate (40 mg) to high (80 mg) simvastatin doses on the tested atherogenic biomarkers (lipid profile, apolipoprotein-A1, and apolipoprotein-B). Asymmetric dimethylarginine and total homocysteine levels were lowered significantly with 80 mg simvastatin (P <0.001; P= 0.038). In conclusion, optimizing the target values of low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, a moderate dose (40 mg) of simvastatin has no effect on asymmetric dimethylarginine and total homocysteine in contrast to a high dose (80 mg) after target LDL-C levels are reached (≤2.6 mmol/L) in patients with newly detected severe hypercholesterolemia.",
"Simple thoracoscopic talcage (TT) is a safe and effective treatment of primary spontaneous pneumothorax (PSP). However, its efficacy has not previously been estimated in comparison with standard conservative therapy (pleural drainage (PD)). In this prospective randomised comparison of two well-established procedures of treating PSP requiring at least a chest tube, cost-effectiveness, safety and pain control was evaluated in 108 patients with PSP (61 TT and 47 PD). Patients in both groups had comparable clinical characteristics. Drainage and hospitalisation duration were similar in TT and PD patients. There were no complications in either group. The immediate success rate was different: after prolonged drainage (>7 days), 10 out of 47 PD patients, but only 1 out of 61 TT patients required a TT as a second procedure. Total costs of hospitalisation including any treatment procedure were not significantly different between TT and PD patients. Pain, measured daily by visual analogue scales, was statistically higher during the first 3 days in TT patients but not in those patients receiving opiates. One month after leaving hospital, there was no significant difference in residual pain or full working ability: 20 out of 58 (34%) versus 10 out of 47 (21%) and 36 out of 61 (59%) versus 26 out of 39 (67%) in TT versus PD groups, respectively. After 5 yrs of follow-up, there had been only three out of 59 (5%) recurrences of pneumothorax after TT, but 16 out of 47 (34%) after conservative treatment by PD. Cost calculation favoured TT pleurodesis especially with regard to recurrences. In conclusion, thoracoscopic talc pleurodesis under local anaesthesia is superior to conservative treatment by chest tube drainage in cases of primary spontaneous pneumothorax that fail simple aspiration, provided there is efficient control of pain by opioids.",
"In order to test the clinical usefulness of new commercially available kits for determination of calcitonin serum concentrations, we investigated the family (N = 10) of a patient with medullary thyroid carcinoma and bilateral pheochromocytoma including his affected son, 10 athyreotic patients, totally thyroidectomized for non-medullary thyroid cancer, and 4 normal volunteers. Pentagastrin tests were performed in all subjects. Serum calcitonin levels before and after pentagastrin were determined by 4 kits. Kits A and B are immunoradiometric assays of the sandwich-type, kits C and D are radioimmunoassays, D being the one hitherto routinely used. Our results show that the new assays (kits A, B and C) have a better diagnostic accuracy in screening for medullary thyroid cancer than the RIA (kit D), hitherto used, where basal values overlapped with normals. Although basal values of normals were mostly near the detection limit of all 4 kits, kits A and B were sensitive enough to detect stimulation of calcitonin secretion by pentagastrin in all subjects with intact thyroid glands and kit C in most of them. The lack of increase in calcitonin after pentagastrin observed by kits A, B and C in athyreotic patients suggests deficiency of secretion of this hormone. Only kit D was unable to show this deficiency.",
"Although gemifloxacin has low in vitro activity against Mycobacterium tuberculosis, the effect of gemifloxacin on the delay of tuberculosis (TB) treatment has not been validated in a clinical setting. The study group included patients with culture-confirmed pulmonary TB who initially received gemifloxacin for suspected community-acquired pneumonia (CAP). Two control groups contained patients treated with other fluoroquinolones or nonfluoroquinolone antibiotics. Sixteen cases were treated with gemifloxacin for suspected CAP before TB diagnosis. Sixteen and 32 patients were treated with other fluoroquinolones and nonfluoroquinolones, respectively. The median period from the initiation of antibiotics to the administration of anti-TB medication was nine days in the gemifloxacin group, which was significantly different from the other fluoroquinolones group (35 days). The median times for the nonfluoroquinolone group and the gemifloxacin group were not significantly different. There were no significant differences between the gemifloxacin and other fluoroquinolone group in terms of symptomatic and radiographic improvements. However, the frequency of radiographic improvement in the other fluoroquinolones group tended to be higher than in the gemifloxacin group. Gemifloxacin might be the preferred fluoroquinolone for treating CAP, to alleviate any concerns about delaying TB treatment.",
"In AF patients, P wave duration and P wave dispersion, in other words atrial depolarization/repolarization inhomogeneity, were increased. A significant positive correlation between P wave dispersion and both Pmax and left atrium size were found.",
"We demonstrated for the first time that remote ischemic preconditioning before primary percutaneous coronary intervention significantly improves endothelial function in patients with acute myocardial infarction, and this effect remains constant for at least a week. We suppose that the improvement of endothelial function may be one of the possible explanations of the effect of remote ischemic preconditioning.",
"In patients with allergic rhinitis, migraine development and course may have a significant allergic component. Assessment of migraineurs for the possibility of coexisting allergic rhinitis is justified. Treatment of allergic rhinitis by immune response modifiers, such as immunotherapy, may have a place in the management of migraines for these patients.",
"null",
"Patients with OH and POAG have a larger increase in their IOPSP than do normals. The addition of topical LP partially decreased but did not totally eliminate these pressure increases.",
"A Prevention Practitioner can improve the implementation of clinically important prevention and screening for chronic diseases in a cost-effective manner.",
"Rapid tuberculosis (TB) detection is critical for disease control, and further quantitation of Mycobacterium tuberculosis (Mtb) in sputum is valuable for epidemiological and clinical studies. We evaluated a simple, robust and cost-efficient in-house DNA extraction and downstream Taqman approach for detection and quantitation of Mtb genomes from sputum of newly-diagnosed TB patients and non-TB controls. DNA was extracted using guanidine isothiocyanate and silica-based spin columns in less than 2 h, stored frozen, and Taqman assays were used to detect Mtb with IS6110 and quantify it targeting RD1 and IS1081. The Taqmans had a sensitivity >95% in 108 culture-confirmed TB patients and specificity of 100% in 43 non-TB controls. Genome counts were correlated with the Mycobacterial Growth Indicator Tubes' (MGIT) time-to-detection values (1/TTD × 1000; rho = 0.66; p < 0.001) in 91 TB patients (33 excluded with MGIT contamination). This linear relationship was nearly identical between mycobacteria isolated from sputum and H37Rv Mtb grown in-vitro to its log phase. TB treatment between 3 and 7 days was associated with lower 1/TTD × 1000 values but not with genome counts. Together, our protocol provides rapid, specific, inexpensive and quantitative detection of Mtb DNA in fresh or stored sputa making it a robust tool for prompt TB diagnosis, and with potential use for clinical and epidemiologic studies.",
"The glucagon stimulation test offers insufficient diagnostic sensitivity for reliable exclusion or confirmation of pheochromocytoma. Because of this and the risk of hypertensive complications, the test should be abandoned in routine clinical practice.",
"Low-dose aspirin is not beneficial in Japanese diabetic patients at high risk.",
"Increased myocardial lipid delivery is a determinant of myocardial substrate metabolism and function in animal models of type 2 diabetes (T2DM). Sex also has major effects on myocardial metabolism in the human heart. Our aims were to determine whether 1) sex affects the myocardial metabolic response to lipid lowering in T2DM, 2) altering lipid [fatty acid (FA) or triglyceride] delivery to the heart would lower the elevated myocardial lipid metabolism associated with T2DM, and 3) decreasing lipid delivery improves diastolic dysfunction in T2DM. To this end, we studied 78 T2DM patients (43 women) with positron emission tomography, echocardiography, and whole body tracer studies before and 3 mo after randomization to metformin (MET), metformin + rosiglitazone (ROSI), or metformin + Lovaza (LOV). No treatment main effects were found for myocardial substrate metabolism, partly because men and women often had different responses to a given treatment. In men, MET decreased FA clearance, which was linked to increased plasma FA levels, myocardial FA utilization and oxidation, and lower myocardial glucose utilization. In women, ROSI increased FA clearance, thereby decreasing plasma FA levels and myocardial FA utilization. Although LOV did not change triglyceride levels, it improved diastolic function, particularly in men. Group and sex also interacted in determining myocardial glucose uptake. Thus, in T2DM, different therapeutic regimens impact myocardial metabolism and diastolic function in a sex-specific manner. This suggests that sex should be taken into account when designing a patient's diabetes treatment.",
"For drug-compliant patients, poor responses to tuberculosis (TB) treatment might be attributable to subtherapeutic drug concentrations. An impaired absorption of rifampin was previously reported for patients with diabetes mellitus (DM) or HIV. The objectives of this study were to determine whether TB drug pharmacokinetics differed in Peruvian TB patients with DM or HIV. In this cross-sectional study, TB patients, recruited from health centers in Lima, Peru, had blood samples taken at 2 and 6 h after directly observed TB drug ingestion, to determine plasma concentrations of rifampin. Of 105 patients, 50 had TB without a comorbidity, 26 had coexistent DM, and 29 had coexistent HIV. Unexpectedly, the overall median 2- and 6-h levels of rifampin were 1.6 and 3.2 mg/liter, respectively, and the time to the peak concentration was 6 h (slow absorber) instead of 2 h (fast absorber) for 61 patients (62.2%). The geometric mean peak concentration of drug in serum (C(max)) was significantly higher in fast absorbers than in slow absorbers (5.0 versus 3.8 mg/liter; P = 0.05). The rifampin C(max) was significantly lower in male patients than in female patients (3.3 versus 6.3 mg/liter; P < 0.001). Neither slow nor fast absorbers with comorbidities (DM or HIV) had significantly different C(max) results compared to those of TB patients without comorbidities. An analysis of variance regression analysis showed that female gender (P < 0.001) and the time to maximum concentration of drug in serum (T(max)) at 2 h (P = 0.012) were independently correlated with increased exposure to rifampin. Most of this Peruvian study population exhibited rifampin pharmacokinetics different from those conventionally reported, with delayed absorption and low plasma concentrations, independent of the presence of an HIV or DM comorbidity.",
"QRS scoring performed best in quantifying transmural scar, and shows association with medium-term mortality risk, but not with risk of ventricular arrhythmia. It may be that the score is best suited as a risk stratifier of those with least potential to benefit from ICD.",
"Findings on physical examination correlate poorly with true volume status in adults with severe malaria and must be used with caution to guide fluid therapy.",
"Atrial fibrillation (AF) is the most common significant cardiac rhythm disorder, and its prevalence is increasing worldwide. Atrial fibrillation confers a fivefold increased risk of stroke, and these strokes are associated with significant mortality and disability. The vitamin K antagonist, warfarin, has been the mainstay of anticoagulant therapy for patients with AF, reducing the risk of stroke by 65%. Despite its efficacy, warfarin remains underused in clinical practice because of its variable dose response, diet and medication interactions, and need for frequent monitoring. Stroke prevention in AF has entered an exciting therapeutic era with new classes of targeted anticoagulants that avoid the many pitfalls of the vitamin K antagonists. Dabigatran, an oral thrombin inhibitor, and the factor Xa inhibitors, rivaroxaban and apixaban, have demonstrated efficacy for stroke prevention and a reduced risk of intracranial hemorrhage relative to warfarin. Translating the efficacy of clinical trials into effective use of these novel agents in clinical practice will require an understanding of their pharmacokinetic profiles, dose selection, and management in select clinical situations.",
"There are few data on the incidence and clinical outcomes of patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) treated in the era of percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). We analyzed 30-day clinical outcomes in 3,307 consecutive patients with and without AF (sinus rhythm) undergoing PCI from January 2007 through December 2008 enrolled in a multicenter Australian registry. Periprocedural AF was present in 162 patients (4.9%). AF was associated with older age (74.1 ± 8.9 vs 63.9 ± 11.9 years, p <0.001), higher baseline serum creatinine (0.13 ± 0.14 vs 0.10 ± 0.13 mmol/L, p = 0.01), and lower left ventricular ejection fraction (49.5 ± 13.2% vs 53.4% ± 11.6%, p <0.001). Significantly more patients with AF had a history of heart failure and cerebrovascular and peripheral arterial diseases (p ≤0.01 for all comparisons). Periprocedural glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitor (31.5% vs 31.4%, p = 0.98) and antithrombin use were not different between groups, but in-hospital bleeding complications were higher in patients with AF (5.0% vs 2.1%, p = 0.015). Fewer patients with AF received drug-eluting stents (p = 0.004). AF was associated with a greater than fourfold increase in 30-day mortality (9.9% vs 2.2%, p <0.0001) and readmission rates at 30 days (p = 0.01). Fewer patients with AF were on dual antiplatelet therapy at 30 days (86.3% vs 94.3%, p <0.0001), although 28.1% of patients with AF were on triple therapy (dual antiplatelet therapy plus oral anticoagulation). In conclusion, patients with periprocedural AF represent a very high-risk group. Excess 30-day morbidity and mortality after PCI may be due to the higher incidence of co-morbidities, bleeding complications, and suboptimal antiplatelet therapy.",
"In medically treated patients with severe isolated AS and preserved LVEF, older age, history of hypertension, and echo-Doppler variables reflecting LV diastolic dysfunction are independent predictors of death.",
"We describe the study design and baseline patient characteristics of the Canadian Glaucoma Study and present some preliminary results. This long and close follow-up of a large group of patients will reveal the importance of several systemic factors for the progression of glaucoma.",
"Psychiatric education can decrease the stigma of mental illness and increase student confidence. However, one-time, contact-based educational interventions require further evaluation in this context. The key components are postulated to be contact, knowledge and attention to process, where attending to the student's internal experience of working with people with mental illness is an integral factor in modulating perceptions of mental illness and a psychiatric career.",
"EUS - FNA offers a high diagnostic yield for the differential diagnosis of tuberculosis and sarcoidosis that have not been diagnosed by conventional methods.",
"Left ventricular (LV) function is generally assessed independent of structural remodeling and vice versa. The purpose of this study was to evaluate a novel LV global function index (LVGFI) that integrates LV structure with global function and to assess its predictive value for cardiovascular (CV) events throughout adult life in a multiethnic population of men and women without history of CV diseases at baseline. A total of 5004 participants in the Multi-Ethnic Study of Atherosclerosis underwent a cardiac magnetic resonance study and were followed up for a median of 7.2 years. The LVGFI by cardiac magnetic resonance was defined by the ratio of stroke volume divided by LV total volume defined as the sum of mean LV cavity and myocardial volumes. Cox proportional hazard models were constructed to predict the end points of heart failure, hard CV events, and a combined end point of all CV events after adjustment for established risk factors, calcium score, and biomarkers. A total of 579 (11.6%) CV events were observed during the follow-up period. In adjusted models, the end points of heart failure, hard CV events, and all events were all significantly associated with LVGFI (heart failure, hazard ratio=0.64, P<0.0001; hard CV events, hazard ratio=0.79, P=0.007; all events, hazard ratio=0.79, P<0.0001). LVGFI had a significant independent predictive value in the multivariable models for all CV event categories. The LVGFI was a powerful predictor of incident HF, hard CV events, and a composite end point, including all events in this multiethnic cohort.",
"Bullectomy via VATS was less deleterious to pulmonary gas exchange. Axillary thoracotomy caused worsening of gas exchange postoperatively due to incisional pain, chest wall deformity, and peripheral atelectasis.",
"The words 'defaulter', 'suspect' and 'control' have been part of the language of tuberculosis (TB) services for many decades, and they continue to be used in international guidelines and in published literature. From a patient perspective, it is our opinion that these terms are at best inappropriate, coercive and disempowering, and at worst they could be perceived as judgmental and criminalising, tending to place the blame of the disease or responsibility for adverse treatment outcomes on one side-that of the patients. In this article, which brings together a wide range of authors and institutions from Africa, Asia, Latin America, Europe and the Pacific, we discuss the use of the words 'defaulter', 'suspect' and 'control' and argue why it is detrimental to continue using them in the context of TB. We propose that 'defaulter' be replaced with 'person lost to follow-up'; that 'TB suspect' be replaced by 'person with presumptive TB' or 'person to be evaluated for TB'; and that the term 'control' be replaced with 'prevention and care' or simply deleted. These terms are non-judgmental and patient-centred. We appeal to the global Stop TB Partnership to lead discussions on this issue and to make concrete steps towards changing the current paradigm.",
"The relationship between malnutrition and malaria in young children is under debate, and no studies evaluating the association between malnutrition and response to artemisinin-based combination therapies (ACTs) have been published. We evaluated the association between malnutrition and response to antimalarial therapy in Ugandan children treated with ACTs for repeated episodes of malaria. Children aged 4 to 12 months diagnosed with uncomplicated malaria were randomized to dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine (DP) or artemether-lumefantrine (AL) and followed for up to 2 years. All HIV-exposed and HIV-infected children received trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole prophylaxis (TS). The primary exposure variables included height-for-age and weight-for-age z scores. Outcomes included parasite clearance at days 2 and 3 and risk of recurrent parasitemia after 42 days of follow-up. Two hundred ninety-two children were randomized to DP or AL, resulting in 2,013 malaria treatments. Fewer than 1% of patients had a positive blood smear by day 3 (DP, 0.2%; AL, 0.6% [P = 0.18]). There was no significant association between height-for-age or weight-for-age z scores and a positive blood smear 2 days following treatment. For children treated with DP but not on TS, decreasing height-for-age z scores of <-1 were associated with a higher risk of recurrent parasitemia than a height-for-age z score of >0 (hazard ratio [HR] for height-for-age z score of <-1 and ≥-2 = 2.89 [P = 0.039]; HR for height-for-age z score of <-2 = 3.18 [P = 0.022]). DP and AL are effective antimalarial therapies in chronically malnourished children in a high-transmission setting. However, children with mild to moderate chronic malnutrition not taking TS are at higher risk for recurrent parasitemia and may be considered a target for chemoprevention.",
"This study has highlighted: (i) the high proportion of patients infected with HIV among patients who had SJS/TEN in sub-Saharan Africa; (ii) the high frequency of antiretroviral drugs as new SJS/TEN causes in sub-Saharan Africa; and (iii) the impact of HIV infection on morbidity and mortality of these affections.",
"The established marker for tubular damage, urinary n-acetyl-beta-d-glucosaminidase is significantly increased in type 1 and 2 diabetes patients and is related to albuminuria and other diabetic complications. In this cross sectional study of type 2 diabetes patients with a history of albuminuria, we studied the relationship between excretion of n-acetyl-beta-d-glucosaminidase in urine and diabetic neuropathy.160 type 2 diabetes patients were screened for diabetic peripheral neuropathy and cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy. N-acetyl-beta-d-glucosaminidase excretion was detected in 24 h urine samples.Urinary excretion of n-acetyl-beta-d-glucosaminidase correlated significantly with -glucose control (fasting glucose r=0.18; p=0.04; HbA1c r=0.20; p=0.02) and urine albumin excretion (r=0.22; p=0.01). Binary regression analyses showed that increased urinary n-acetyl-beta-d-glucosaminidase concentration is an independent predictor for presence of clinical symptoms of peripheral neuropathy (OR 1.8 [95%CI 1.2-2.74] and vibration deficiency [OR 1.7; 95% CI 1.2-2.66]. There was also a significant negative association between urinary n-acetyl-beta-d-glucosaminidase and E/I-Ratio (r=-0.21, p<0.02) as well as the 30:15-Ratio (r=-0.24; p<0.01) of heart rate variability. Furthermore, increased n-acetyl-beta-d-glucosaminidase excretion independently predicted cardiovascular autonomic diabetic neuropathy with an OR for decreased E/I-Ratio of 1.7 [95%CI 1.1-2.75]; (p<0.02) and 30:15-Ratio:OR 2.4 [95% CI 1.26-4.45]; (p<0.01).Urinary n-acetyl-beta-d-glucosami-nidase excretion is an independent marker for diabetic peripheral and cardiovascular autonomic neuropathy in type 2 diabetic patients.",
"This technique is effective in sealing air leaks after lobectomy. It allows earlier chest drain removal and shortens hospital stay.",
"A prospective randomized study was carried out at the Detroit General Hospital over a two year period to evaluate methods of management in 165 patients with colonic injuries. Results of the study show that primary closure is a safe and reiable method of management when rigid criteria are incorporated in an ongoing protocol. Moreover, the technic of exteriorization is a safe adjunct to management and is recommended in any patient with a colonic injury above 18 cm in which one suture line is required and in which the additional operating time of twenty minutes will not compromise the management of secondary injuries. Patients not fulfilling these criteria should have primary colostomy. These principles make it possible to reduce the need for primary colostomy to approximately 50 per cent in a large ongoing group of patients with colonic injury.",
"A new generation of strategies is evolving that aim to block malaria transmission by employing genetically modified vectors or mosquito pathogens or symbionts that express anti-parasite molecules. Whilst transgenic technologies have advanced rapidly, there is still a paucity of effector molecules with potent anti-malaria activity whose expression does not cause detrimental effects on mosquito fitness. Our objective was to examine a wide range of antimicrobial peptides (AMPs) for their toxic effects on Plasmodium and anopheline mosquitoes. Specifically targeting early sporogonic stages, we initially screened AMPs for toxicity against a mosquito cell line and P. berghei ookinetes. Promising candidate AMPs were fed to mosquitoes to monitor adverse fitness effects, and their efficacy in blocking rodent malaria infection in Anopheles stephensi was assessed. This was followed by tests to determine their activity against P. falciparum in An. gambiae, initially using laboratory cultures to infect mosquitoes, then culminating in preliminary assays in the field using gametocytes and mosquitoes collected from the same area in Mali, West Africa. From a range of 33 molecules, six AMPs able to block Plasmodium development were identified: Anoplin, Duramycin, Mastoparan X, Melittin, TP10 and Vida3. With the exception of Anoplin and Mastoparan X, these AMPs were also toxic to an An. gambiae cell line at a concentration of 25 µM. However, when tested in mosquito blood feeds, they did not reduce mosquito longevity or egg production at concentrations of 50 µM. Peptides effective against cultured ookinetes were less effective when tested in vivo and differences in efficacy against P. berghei and P. falciparum were seen. From the range of molecules tested, the majority of effective AMPs were derived from bee/wasp venoms.",
"Procedural endpoints were successfully achieved in all patients. Procedure duration was significantly longer in group 2 (185 ± 58 min vs. 139 ± 57 min; p < 0.001); however, fluoroscopy times were not different (23 ± 9 min vs. 23 ± 9 min; p = 0.49). After a follow-up of 12 months in all patients, 26 patients (52%) in group 1 versus 43 (82.7%) in group 2 were free from any AF/AT (p = 0.001) after a single procedure. No major complications occurred.",
"Artemisinin-based combination therapies (ACT) are now being adopted as first-line treatments against uncomplicated malaria in sub-Saharan Africa. Between December 2009 and February 2010, the efficacies of two ACT - dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine (DHA-P) and artemether-lumefantrine (AL) - in the treatment of uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria were compared in Sinnar, central Sudan. Overall, 149 patients (75 given DHA-P and 74 given AL) completed the 28 days of follow-up. All the patients were found to be afebrile and aparasitaemic on day 3. By day 28, only one patient, who had been given AL, showed late treatment and parasitological failures, while each of the other 148 patients showed an adequate treatment response. After the results of a PCR-based assay confirmed that the recrudescent parasitaemia was probably the result of treatment failure, the frequencies of cure by day 28 were calculated as 100% for DHA-P and 98.7% for AL (P>0.05). None of the patients was found gametocytaemic during the follow-up, and the adverse effects observed were mild (nausea, vomiting, abdominal pain, dizziness and/or rash), resolved spontaneously and occurred in only five patients in each treatment arm. Thus, both treatments appeared effective and safe for the treatment of uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria in central Sudan, although treatment with DHA-P (which requires a simpler dosing regimen) might be preferred to treatment with AL.",
"These data provide additional support to the safety profile of hydroxyurea for young patients with SCA, and suggest that genotoxicity in this patient population is low.",
"A double-blind phase III malaria prevention trial was conducted in two refugee camps using pre-manufactured insecticide-treated plastic sheeting (ITPS) or untreated polyethylene sheeting (UPS) randomly deployed to defined sectors of each camp. In Largo camp the ITPS or UPS was attached to inner walls and ceilings of shelters, whereas in Tobanda the ITPS or UPS was used to line only the ceiling and roof. In Largo the Plasmodium falciparum incidence rate in children up to 3 years of age who were cleared of parasites and monitored for 8 months was 163/100 person-years under UPS and 63 under ITPS (adjusted odds ratio [AOR] = 0.40, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 0.33-0.47). In Tobanda incidence was 157/100 person-years under UPS and 134 under ITPS (AOR = 0.85, 95% CI = 0.75-0.95). Protective efficacy was 61% under fully lined ITPS and 15% under roof lined ITPS. Anemia rates improved under ITPS in both camps. This novel tool proved to be a convenient, safe, and long-lasting method of malaria control when used as a full shelter lining in an emergency setting.",
"The clinical benefits of intracoronary injection of autologous BMSCs in acute STEMI patients need further investigation and reevaluation.",
"Compared to IPTp, CPT provided comparable protection against malaria in HIV-infected pregnant women and against preterm birth or low birth weight. Possible implications of CPT-associated lower CD4 postpartum warrant further examination.",
"In pediatric/adolescent migraine, the presence of cranial autonomic symptoms appears to be the rule rather than the exception. Clinicians should be careful to consider migraine when evaluating a child with headache and associated ocular or nasal symptoms so as to avoid giving a misdiagnosis of sinus headache.",
"The failure rate and complications were studied prospectively in 367 paediatric and adult patients who had received a thoracic or lumbar paravertebral block. The overall failure rate was 10.1%; adults 10.7%; children 6.2%. The frequency of complications were: hypotension: 4.6%; vascular puncture: 3.8%; pleural puncture: 1.1%; pneumothorax: 0.5%. Since these results are similar to those found with alternative methods, e.g. epidural, intrapleural and intercostal blocks, paravertebral block can be recommended as an effective, safe technique for unilateral analgesia in both adults and children.",
"We report results of a pilot study of high-dose vitamin D in sickle cell disease (SCD). Subjects were given a 6-week course of oral high-dose cholecalciferol (4000-100 000 IU per week) or placebo and monitored prospectively for a period of six months. Vitamin D insufficiency and deficiency was present at baseline in 82·5% and 52·5% of subjects, respectively. Subjects who received high-dose vitamin D achieved higher serum 25-hydroxyvitamin D, experienced fewer pain days per week, and had higher physical activity quality-of-life scores. These findings suggest a potential benefit of vitamin D in reducing the number of pain days in SCD. Larger prospective studies with longer duration are needed to confirm these effects.",
"We undertook a randomized, controlled trial to determine whether human surfactant administered endotracheally at birth to very premature infants (gestational age, 24 to 29 weeks) would prevent the respiratory distress syndrome or reduce its severity. Thirty-one treated infants (birth weight, 938 +/- 286 g) were compared in a blinded fashion with 29 control infants (birth weight, 964 +/- 174 g). The lecithin/sphingomyelin ratio was less than 2 in all infants, and phosphatidylglycerol was not present in amniotic fluid or tracheal fluids at birth, indicating a deficiency of surfactant in the lungs. The principal dependent variables were neonatal death, the incidence of bronchopulmonary dysplasia, and the infant's requirement for respiratory support (and its complications). The surfactant-treated group had significantly fewer deaths than the control group (16 percent vs. 52 percent, P less than 0.001), fewer cases of bronchopulmonary dysplasia (16 percent vs. 31 percent), and significantly fewer cases of pulmonary interstitial emphysema (P less than 0.001) and pneumothorax (P less than 0.02). Prophylactic treatment with human surfactant also substantially reduced the period of neonatal intensive care. We conclude that treatment with human surfactant offers promise for improving the survival of very premature infants with a surfactant deficiency and for reducing the pulmonary sequelae of the respiratory distress syndrome.",
"Rivaroxaban is a factor Xa inhibitor that was recently reviewed by the Food and Drug Administration as a potential therapy to reduce the risk of recurrent atherothrombotic events in patients with acute coronary syndromes. Approval of this drug would represent a paradigm shift away from dual antiplatelet therapy toward long-term triple antithrombotic therapy. However, to date, no other experimental anticoagulant agent has demonstrated a favorable risk-benefit profile in this population, in part because of the expected increased risk in major bleeding by combining aspirin, a P2Y12 receptor inhibitor, and an anticoagulant. Approvability of rivaroxaban was considered largely on the basis of the ATLAS ACS 2-TIMI 51 (Anti-Xa Therapy to Lower Cardiovascular Events in Addition to Standard Therapy in Subjects With Acute Coronary Syndrome ACS 2-Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction 51) trial, which demonstrated a significant reduction in a composite of cardiovascular death, myocardial infarction, and stroke. Although the primary efficacy endpoint was met, a substantial amount of missing data was observed. We discuss the impact of missing data in this trial, its implications for informative censoring of safety events (major bleeding), and implications for future cardiovascular outcomes trials.",
"On the basis of this dose-response study, K-115 0.4% has been selected to be the optimal dose and has the potential to be a promising new agent for glaucoma to control 24-hour IOP by twice-daily dosing.",
"CAR is a novel modifier of ventricular conduction and arrhythmia vulnerability in the setting of myocardial ischemia. Genetic determinants of arrhythmia susceptibility (such as CAR) may constitute future targets for risk stratification of potentially lethal ventricular arrhythmias in patients with coronary artery disease.",
"The goal of this study was to characterize determinants of infarct size in the multicenter randomized Counterpulsation to Reduce Infarct Size Pre-PCI Acute Myocardial Infarction (CRISP-AMI) trial. Contemporary determinants of infarct size in patients presenting with acute anterior myocardial infarction without shock and undergoing percutaneous revascularization have been incompletely characterized. In CRISP-AMI, 337 patients with acute anterior ST segment elevation myocardial infarction but without cardiogenic shock at 30 sites in 9 countries were randomized to initiation of intra-aortic balloon counterpulsation before primary percutaneous coronary intervention versus standard of care. The primary outcome was infarct size as measured by cardiac magnetic resonance imaging 3 to 5 days after percutaneous coronary intervention. Of 337 randomized patients, complete periprocedural and infarct size data were available in 250 patients (74%). After a comparison of baseline characteristics to ensure no significant differences, patients with missing data were excluded. Using multiple linear regression of 23 variables, time from symptom onset to first device (β = 0.022, p = 0.047) and preprocedural Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction flow 0/1 (β = 15.28, p <0.001) were independent predictors of infarct size. Infarct size increased by 0.43% per 30 minutes in early reperfusion and by 0.63% every 30 minutes in late reperfusion. In conclusion, in patients with acute anterior ST elevation myocardial infraction without cardiogenic shock, total ischemic time and preprocedural Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction flow 0/1 were associated with increased infarct size as determined by cardiac magnetic resonance imaging. These findings underscore the importance of systems of care aimed at reducing total ischemic time to open infarct arteries.",
"Fostamatinib had limited anti-tumor activity in this first clinical trial in patients with advanced refractory solid tumors; reduction in CECs and CEPs was indicative of anti-angiogenic effects. Abnormal liver testing at baseline appeared to influence drug tolerability.",
"Chronic hyperglycemia impairs insulin action, resulting in glucotoxicity, which can be ameliorated in animal models by inducing glucosuria with renal glucose transport inhibitors. Here, we examined whether reduction of plasma glucose with a sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitor could improve insulin-mediated tissue glucose disposal in patients with type 2 diabetes. Eighteen diabetic men were randomized to receive either dapagliflozin (n = 12) or placebo (n = 6) for 2 weeks. We measured insulin-mediated whole body glucose uptake and endogenous glucose production (EGP) at baseline and 2 weeks after treatment using the euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp technique. Dapagliflozin treatment induced glucosuria and markedly lowered fasting plasma glucose. Insulin-mediated tissue glucose disposal increased by approximately 18% after 2 weeks of dapagliflozin treatment, while placebo-treated subjects had no change in insulin sensitivity. Surprisingly, following dapagliflozin treatment, EGP increased substantially and was accompanied by an increase in fasting plasma glucagon concentration. Together, our data indicate that reduction of plasma glucose with an agent that works specifically on the kidney to induce glucosuria improves muscle insulin sensitivity. However, glucosuria induction following SGLT2 inhibition is associated with a paradoxical increase in EGP. These results provide support for the glucotoxicity hypothesis, which suggests that chronic hyperglycemia impairs insulin action in individuals with type 2 diabetes.",
"In this large, US population sample, both migraine and PM were more common among females, but a sex difference was not observed in the prevalence of other severe headache. The sex difference in migraine and PM held true across age and for most other sociodemographic variables with the exception of race for PM. Females with migraine and PM had higher rates of most migraine symptoms, aura, greater associated impairment, and higher healthcare resource utilization than males. Corresponding sex differences were not observed among individuals with other severe headache on the majority of these comparisons. Results suggest that PM is part of the migraine spectrum whereas other severe headache types are not. Results also substantiate existing literature on sex differences in primary headaches and extend results to additional headache types and related factors.",
"Given the conflicting results about the positive effects of magnesium and L-carnitine and as there is no report concerning concurrent supplementation of magnesium and L-carnitine on migraine prophylaxis, the effects of magnesium, L-carnitine, and concurrent magnesium-L-carnitine supplementation on migraine indicators were assessed. In this clinical trial, 133 migrainous patients were randomly assigned into three intervention groups: magnesium oxide (500 mg/day), L-carnitine (500 mg/day), and Mg-L-carnitine (500 mg/day magnesium and 500 mg/day L-carnitine), and a control group. After 12 weeks of supplementation, the checklist of migraine indicators including migraine attacks/month, migraine days/month, and headache severity was completed, and serum concentrations of magnesium and L-carnitine were measured by atomic absorption spectrophotometry and enzymatic UV test, respectively. The results showed a significant reduction in all migraine indicators in all studied groups (p < 0.05). The ANOVA results showed a significant reduction in migraine frequency across various supplemented and control groups (p = 0.008). By separating the effects of magnesium supplementation from other confounding factors such as routine treatments using the repeated measures and nested model, it was clarified that magnesium supplementation had a significant effect on all migraine indicators. Oral supplementation with magnesium oxide and L-carnitine and concurrent supplementation of Mg-L-carnitine besides routine treatments could be effective in migraine prophylaxis; however, larger trials are needed to confirm these preliminary findings.",
"Adult patients taking hydroxyurea for frequent painful sickle cell episodes appear to have reduced mortality after 9 of years follow-up. Survival was related to HbF levels and frequency of vaso-occlusive events. Whether indications for hydroxyurea treatment should be expanded is unknown.",
"Topical therapy with prostaglandin analogues is associated with CCT reduction. Latanoprost, travoprost, and bimatoprost have a similar effect on CCT.",
"Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ACTRN12610000896077.",
"Using the MPDS to select the Diabetic Problems Chief Complaint protocol, the EMDs correctly identified a true diabetic-triggered event the majority of the time. However, many patients had other medical conditions, which complicated the initial classification of true diabetic-triggered events. Future studies should examine the associations between the five specific Diabetic Problems Chief Complaint protocol determinant codes (triage priority levels) and severity measures, eg, blood sugar level and Glasgow Coma Score.",
"LiPA proved useful on DNA extracted from smear-positive slides. Appropriate treatment regimen could be decided early. Slide smear preparation could replace sputum transport in cetylpyridinium chloride, reducing biohazard and thereby controlling the transmission of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis in the community.",
"Controlled human malaria infection with sporozoites is a standardized and powerful tool for evaluation of malaria vaccine and drug efficacy but so far only applied by exposure to bites of Plasmodium falciparum (Pf)-infected mosquitoes. We assessed in an open label Phase 1 trial, infection after intradermal injection of respectively 2,500, 10,000, or 25,000 aseptic, purified, vialed, cryopreserved Pf sporozoites (PfSPZ) in three groups (N = 6/group) of healthy Dutch volunteers. Infection was safe and parasitemia developed in 15 of 18 volunteers (84%), 5 of 6 volunteers in each group. There were no differences between groups in time until parasitemia by microscopy or quantitative polymerase chain reaction, parasite kinetics, clinical symptoms, or laboratory values. This is the first successful infection by needle and syringe with PfSPZ manufactured in compliance with regulatory standards. After further optimization, the use of such PfSPZ may facilitate and accelerate clinical development of novel malaria drugs and vaccines.",
"International use of guidelines-recommended anticoagulation in HF patients with AF varies significantly across countries and represents an important opportunity for improving quality of care.",
"Proprietary or commercial disclosure may be found after the references.",
"Consistent clinical predictors of obstructive sleep apnea are lacking for patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, which suggests that objective sleep evaluations should be considered in this population, particularly among elderly patients with atrial fibrillation.",
"As part of a placebo-controlled study series on a random sample of patients with diabetic polyneuropathy and trophic skin lesions on the edge of the foot, functional characteristics of the local microcirculation and immune system were measured to check the complementary-therapy success of biorhythmically defined vasomotion stimulation. Over a 30-day treatment period, complementary-therapy success was demonstrated for an additional physical vasomotion stimulation to increase the therapeutic success of established treatment concepts.",
"Fixed brimonidine-timolol is an effective and convenient IOP-lowering therapy.",
"Children receiving RUTF for 14 days after effective treatment of an uncomplicated malaria episode had a faster weight gain than children not given supplementation, reducing the period that children were at risk of malnutrition.",
"A VSSA-based model of myocardial scar quantification is accurate and reproducible in ischemic and nonischemic cardiomyopathy.",
"Slow infusion of calcium channel blockers is an alternative to adenosine in the emergency treatment of stable patients with SVT. Calcium channel blockers are safe and affordable for healthcare systems where the availability of adenosine is limited.",
"In patients presenting with ACS, the rates of both stent-oriented and patient-oriented outcomes at 24-month follow-up in the BAS group were similar to those in the EES group.",
"This study proposes [corrected] to evaluate the impact of different phosphate binders on the slowing of [corrected]cardiovascular calcification [corrected] and QT dispersion in incident haemodialysis patients with a follow-up of [corrected] 36 months. This is to be a [corrected] randomized, multicenter, perspective, [corrected] interventional study. Inclusion criteria are age over 18 years and being an [corrected] incident patient [corrected] on hemodialysis. Exclusion criteria are congenital prolongation of QT segment syndrome, QT-c >440 ms, bradycardia <50 beats per minute, symptomatic [corrected] arrhythmia or any other significant heart problems; electrolyte imbalances [corrected] (especially hypokalemia, hypomagnesemia or [corrected] hypocalcemia); abnormal liver function tests and [corrected] hypothyroidism. An informed consent will be taken at study entry. The patients will be randomized to 2 cohorts: [corrected] 180 patients in the sevelamer [corrected] group and 180 patients in calcium-binder phosphate group. Related vascular calcification mortality is the principal end point [corrected] and will be evaluated at 36 months.",
"The present study shows a high prevalence of secondary hyperparathyroidism, which differs from that published by other large population studies. There was a high proportion of patients with BMM markers outside the ranges suggested by K/DOQI. Mainly phosphate binders based on calcium and calcitriol continue to be used for the management of hyperphosphatemia and hyperparathyroidism respectively.",
"In the present controlled conditions, short-term administration of octreotide had no antisecretory effect in patients with phaeochromocytoma.",
"These data indicate that implantation of myoblasts in patients with HF is feasible, appears to be safe and may provide symptomatic relief, though no significant effect was detected on global LVEF.",
"Orally administered temozolomide and thalidomide seems to be an active regimen for the treatment of neuroendocrine tumors. In this 29-patient study, this regimen appeared more active in pancreatic endocrine tumors than in carcinoid tumors.",
"H. pylori eradication may have a beneficial role on migraine headache. This shows the significance of H. pylori treatment in the management of migraine headache among Iranian patients.",
"After 5 years, more than 70% of participants treated with fixed-combination latanoprost/timolol had no increased iris pigmentation. The fixed combination is safe and well tolerated for long-term treatment in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension.",
"Tube thoracostomy can be safely performed by pulmonologists with relatively few associated problems.",
"Intermittent preventive treatment of malaria in infants (IPTi) with sulphadoxine-pyrimethamine shows evidence of efficacy in individually randomized, controlled trials. In a large-scale effectiveness study, IPTi was introduced in April 2005 by existing health staff through routine contacts in 12 randomly selected divisions out of 24 in 6 districts of rural southern Tanzania. Coverage and effects on malaria and anemia were estimated through a representative survey in 2006 with 600 children aged 2-11 months. Coverage of IPTi was 47-76% depending on the definition. Using an intention to treat analysis, parasitemia prevalence was 31% in intervention and 38% in comparison areas (P = 0.06). In a "per protocol" analysis of children who had recently received IPTi, parasite prevalence was 22%, 19 percentage points lower than comparison children (P = 0.01). IPTi can be implemented on a large scale by existing health service staff, with a measurable population effect on malaria, within 1 year of launch.",
"UAC does not increase perioperative complications during coronary stenting and is a simple and cost-effective alternative to conventional heparin bridging.",
"Circulating total free fatty acid (FFA) levels are elevated early in myocardial infarction (MI) and have been associated with an increase in mortality. We investigated the association of serum unbound FFA (FFAu) levels with mortality in patients presenting with ST-segment elevation MI in the Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction II trial. The Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction II trial enrolled patients within 4 hours of chest pain onset. The patients were treated with a recombinant tissue plasminogen activator within 1 hour of enrollment. The FFAu concentration was evaluated in serum samples from 1,834 patients obtained at baseline, before therapy. The FFAu level was an independent risk factor for death as early as at 1 day of hospitalization and continued to be an independent risk factor for the >3.8 years of follow-up. When adjusted for other cardiovascular risk factors, the FFAu levels in the fourth versus the first quartile remained an independent risk factor for death from MI (hazard ratio 5.0, 95% confidence interval 1.9 to 13.0), all cardiac death (hazard ratio 2.4, 95% confidence interval 1.3 to 4.4), and all-cause death (hazard ratio 1.9, 95% confidence interval 1.2 to 3.1). Women were twice as likely to be in the upper 2 FFAu quartiles and had approximately twice the rate of death as men. In conclusion, FFAu elevation is 1 of the earliest molecular biomarkers of mortality in patients with ST-segment elevation MI and was independent of other risk factors known to affect the outcomes after ST-segment elevation MI.",
"This study was undertaken to assess tolerability, quality of life, and persistency of use and to monitor changes in intraocular pressure (IOP) during the first 6 mo after a switch to fixed combination latanoprost/timolol. In Germany, 271 general ophthalmology practices enrolled patients who were switched from previous ocular hypotensive therapies to latanoprost/timolol for medical reasons. Usual care routines were followed, and IOP was measured at baseline and approximately 6 mo later. Adverse events were recorded throughout. Immediately before switching and at follow-up, patients completed a 29-item quality-of-life questionnaire. Of 1052 patients who met analysis criteria, 748 (71%) switched from combination therapy and 304 (29%) from monotherapy. An insufficient IOP reduction with the previous therapy was a reason for switching in 71% of patients; the desire to simplify to once-daily administration was cited in 66%. Ocular adverse events were reported in 19 patients after the switch, and 97% remained on therapy throughout the follow%up period. After switching, patients were less likely to forget to instill their eyedrops or to feel that their drops had adverse effects; they found it easier to include eyedrop administration in their routine; they were more satisfied with the frequency of instillation; and they were more likely to want to continue with the drops. Across all previous therapies, mean IOP decreased from 20.6+/-3.7 mm Hg to 17.2+/-2.8 mm Hg after the switch (P<.001)-a 14.8% difference. Fixed combination latanoprost/timolol is well tolerated and effective in patients who are switched from other monotherapies or combination therapies for medical reasons. Such a switch may be associated with improved quality of life.",
"QI initiatives like Partnerships for Health can result in improved diabetes clinical process and outcome measures in primary health care.",
"Circumferential shortening provides robust, independent, and incremental predictive value for incident HF in asymptomatic subjects without any history of previous clinical cardiovascular disease.",
"Although uncommon in children, SP appears to be primarily a condition of males and adolescents and appears to be increasing in incidence in this population. According to these data, a large portion of children are being managed without procedural intervention.",
"",
"In the first part of this study, 61 patients admitted for the first episode or the first recurrence of a spontaneous pneumothorax (SP) were randomly treated with thoracic drainage (TD; 28 patients) or with simple needle aspiration (NA; 33 patients). Success rate of therapy was significantly higher with TD than with NA (93%, CI 84 to 100 vs 67%, CI 51 to 83; p = 0.01). Hospital stay was similar between the two groups (7 +/- 4.6 vs 7 +/- 5.6 days), mainly because NA was delayed by 72 h in 26 patients. Recurrence rates at 3 months were 29% (CI 11 to 47%) after TD, and 14% (CI 0 to 29%) after NA (p > 0.20, NS). In the second part of the study, an additional population of 35 patients was treated by immediate NA, with a success rate of 68.5% (CI 53.5 to 83.5%), and a recurrence rate at 3 months of 30% (CI 10 to 50%). Taken together, our results indicate that NA may be proposed as a first-line treatment of SP, with a successful result in two thirds of patients and recurrence in one fifth of patients. In patients who do not heal with NA, a combined risk of TD failure and short-term recurrence of 50% may be an incentive for undelayed surgical procedures.",
"The present study shows that a aortic sclerosis score constructed by TOE enables prediction of postoperative PVL and moreover, the localisation of PVL after TAVI correlates with the corresponding preoperative amount of sclerosis for each cusp.",
"This study was undertaken to evaluate the ocular hypotensive efficacy of brimonidine Purite 0.15% (Alphagan P 0.15%; Allergan, Inc., Irvine, Calif) given as adjunctive therapy with latanoprost 0.005% (Xalatan; Pfizer Inc., New York, NY( to patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. In this multicenter, open-label, prospective evaluation, the intraocular pressure (IOP) of the 43 enrolled patients was > or =18 mm Hg after at least 6 wk of latanoprost monotherapy. The primary outcome measure was IOP at peak drug effect )10 AM, or approximately 2 h after the morning dose of brimonidine 0.15%(. IOP at trough drug effect (8 AM, or approximately 12 h after the evening dose of brimonidine) was also measured. Baseline IOP was 21.9 (+/-2.3) mm Hg. After 1 mo of treatment, additional mean IOP reductions from latanoprost-treated baseline values were 5.8 mm Hg (26%) at peak drug effect (P<.001) and 3.3 mm Hg (15%) at trough (P<.001). At the month 2 visit, additional mean IOP reductions from latanoprost-treated baseline values were 5.1 mm Hg (23%) at peak drug effect (P<.001) and 2.0 mm Hg (9%) at trough (P=.002). Brimonidine Purite 0.15% provided statistically significant additional reductions in IOP from latanoprost-treated baseline values. These findings suggest that brimonidine Purite 0.15% is an efficacious adjunctive therapy in patients given latanoprost who require additional lowering of IOP.",
"The accuracy of transgastric observations of submitral structure using 3DTEE was superior to that provided by the conventional mid-esophageal approach. Transgastric approach offers a ventricular view and complementary information to conventional mid-esophageal approach in patient with functional mitral regurgitation.",
"Dialysis patients undergo mitral repair less frequently, although repair success is equally likely when attempted among dialysis versus nondialysis patients. Dialysis-dependent renal failure is associated strongly with early mortality and major morbidity. However, procedure selection (repair vs replacement) does not appear to have a clinically meaningful impact on these short-term outcomes.",
"ChiCTR.org ChiCTR-TRC-12002177.",
"Whereas overall functioning was in the normal range, behavioral and adaptive function was poorer with older age, even in this very young group of children. Explanatory mechanisms for this association between poorer developmental function and older age need to be identified.",
"Cordis and Medtronic.",
"This pilot study shows that intravenous ivabradine may be used safely to slow the heart rate in STEMI. Further studies are needed to characterize its effect on infarct size, left ventricular function and clinical outcomes in this population.",
"Performing closed pleural drainage for 3 h immediately after video-assisted thoracic sympathectomy did not affect lung re-expansion or the incidence of residual pneumothorax. When residual pneumothorax was present, it did not affect pain within the first 28 postoperative days.",
"In these studies, celivarone does not appear to be efficacious in the maintenance of sinus rhythm in AF/AFL patients or for the conversion of AF/AFL patients. ",
"This analysis suggests that the effect of depression on mortality in persons with diabetes mellitus is most significant for older adults. Because there is evidence in the literature that treatment of depression in elderly adults can lead to lower mortality, these results may suggest that older adults with diabetes mellitus should be considered a high-priority population for depression screening and treatment.",
"Diagnostic laparoscopy is an efficient and reliable diagnostic tool for patients suspected with abdominal tuberculosis.",
"In this selected group of patients, triptans are a treatment that patients claim to be very satisfied with. Although there are no overall differences in the scores among different triptans, the fact that certain triptans are used more by patients after previous experiences with others suggests that they are more effective. We did not find any parameter that predicts the use of a particular triptan.",
"Patients who experienced major bleeding on dabigatran required more red cell transfusions but received less plasma, required a shorter stay in intensive care, and had a trend to lower mortality compared with those who had major bleeding on warfarin.",
"Oral anticoagulants such as warfarin have been used widely for the treatment of venous thromboembolism and stroke prevention in atrial fibrillation (AF) patients. Warfarin has significant limitations and also requires frequent monitoring. Thus, there is an unmet need, with the quest for alternative oral anticoagulants with stable pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics that do not need monitoring. The paper under evaluation provides us with up-to-date information on the safety and efficacy of a new oral anticoagulant, dabigatran, compared with warfarin for stroke prevention in AF patients.",
"null",
"The fixed combination of latanoprost/timolol was significantly superior to bimatoprost alone in reducing IOP in patients with POAG or OHT. Further studies with large sample sizes should be taken to support the superior efficacy of latanoprost/timolol, as well as to better assess its profile of side effects.",
"As a surgical treatment of pheochromocytomas, laparoscopic adrenalectomy is an effective and safe approach, in selected cases even for PCCs >6 cm in diameter, although patients with such large tumors may have a higher conversion rate and more intraoperative hypertensive crises. Preoperative selective adrenergic blockade does not prevent intraoperative hypertensive crises, but by facilitating the pharmacological management of the perioperative haemodynamic instability, may avoid the onset of major adverse cardiovascular complications.",
"Twenty-seven consecutive patients with endocrinological disease necessitating adrenal surgery underwent blind preoperative investigation with ultrasound, renal aortography, and adrenocortical scintigraphy for an adrenal lesion. Nine patients had pituitary-dependent Cushing's syndrome, five had pituitary-independent Cushing's syndrome, four had an adrenocortical androgenic excess, and nine had a preoperative diagnosis of phaeochromocytoma. The predictive value of preoperative ultrasound was 100% for a positive finding and 79% for a negative result. Preoperative aortography had a predictive value of 83% for a positive finding and 64% for a negative result; and the predictive value of adrenocortical scintigraphy was 100% for a positive finding and 85% for a negative finding. In localising biochemically suspected adrenal lesions ultrasound should be the first choice, since it is rapid, noninvasive, cheap, and reasonably accurate. Adrenocortical scintigraphy has a similar diagnostic value, especially in Cushing's syndrome, but it is time consuming. Nevertheless, it may be preferable for diagnosing small glucocorticoid-secreting adenomas. Aortography should be reserved for cases with inconclusive diagnoses and suspected extra-adrenal phaeochromocytomas.",
"Most conversions among HCWs in low TB incidence settings appear to be false positives, and these occurred six to nine times more frequently with IGRAs than TST; repeat testing of apparent converters is warranted.",
"Xal-Ease generally makes administration of latanoprost or fixed-combination latanoprost/timolol easier compared with the dropper bottle.",
"Mutation-positive ARVD/C exhibits a previously unrecognized characteristic pattern of disease involving the basal inferior and anterior RV, and the posterolateral LV. The RV apex is only involved in advanced ARVD/C, typically as a part of global RV involvement. These results displace the RV apex from the Triangle of Dysplasia, and provide insights into the pathophysiology of ARVD/C.",
"Overall, results of the study demonstrate that children and adolescents with migraine improved over time with multidisciplinary, standardized treatment regardless of supplementation with CoQ10 or placebo. There was no difference in headache outcomes between the CoQ10 and placebo groups at day 224. Due to the improvements seen in weeks 1-4, CoQ10 may lead to earlier improvement in headache severity, but given the sample size this conclusion warrants further investigation with a larger sample.",
"Placing chest tubes on water seal seems superior to wall suction for stopping air leaks after pulmonary resection. However, water seal does not stop expiratory leaks that are 4/7 or greater. Pneumothorax may occur when chest tubes are placed on seal with leaks this large.",
"Computerised dosing assistance within the Swedish national quality registry AuriculA improves or maintains a high treatment quality with warfarin as measured by TTR.",
"In patients with paroxysmal AF and hypertension, treatment of hypertension by candesartan did not have an advantage over amlodipine in the reduction in the frequency of paroxysmal AF (umin CTR C000000427).",
"In conclusion, from the present study it appears that transition from T2DM or CAD to T2DM-CAD co-morbidity is associated with strong down regulation of Th2 cytokines and enhancement of Th1 responses.",
"Diabetic nephropathy (DN) is the leading cause of end-stage renal disease. Glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) is one of the incretins, gut hormones released from the intestine in response to food intake. GLP-1 receptor (GLP-1R) agonists have been used to treat type 2 diabetes. Here, we studied the effect of the administration of a GLP-1R agonist, liraglutide, on proteinuria and the progression of overt DN in type 2 diabetic patients. Twenty-three type 2 diabetic patients with overt DN, who had already been treated with blockade of renin-angiotensin system under dietary sodium restriction, were given liraglutide for a period of 12 months. Treatment with liraglutide caused a significant decrease in HbA1c from 7.4 ± 0.2% to 6.9 ± 0.3% (p = 0.04), and in body mass index (BMI) from 27.6 ± 0.9 kg/m² to 26.5 ± 0.8 kg/m² after 12 months (p < 0.001), while systolic blood pressure did not change. The progression of DN was determined as the rate of decline in estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR). The 12-month administration of liraglutide caused a significant decrease in proteinuria from 2.53 ± 0.48 g/g creatinine to 1.47 ± 0.28 g/g creatinine (p = 0.002). The administration of liraglutide also substantially diminished the rate of decline in eGFR from 6.6 ± 1.5 mL/min/1.73 m²/year to 0.3 ± 1.9 mL/min/1.73 m²/year (p = 0.003). Liraglutide can be used not only for reducing HbA1c and BMI, but also for attenuating the progression of nephropathy in type 2 diabetic patients.",
"Due to the very low incidence of malaria, no firm conclusion can be drawn on the added benefit of IPTc in preventing clinical episodes of malaria among children who had access to HMM in The Gambia. However, the study showed that VHWs can successfully combine provision of HMM with provision of IPTc.",
"The benefit of preoperative percutaneous transhepatic biliary drainage in patients with obstructive jaundice was reviewed in the literature from 1974 to July 1984. The role of preoperative drainage cannot be definitively assessed. Significant reduction of morbidity and mortality has been reported in some non-controlled studies; however, no benefit of preoperative "external" drainage was found in the only two reported randomized studies. At the present time external preoperative drainage cannot be advised routinely and the hazards of this technique and effect of bile losses may outweigh the benefits. The benefits of preoperative internal drainage without bile loss and closing of the enterohepatic cycle needs to be evaluated both percutaneously and endoscopically. Criteria, developed after specific identification of high risk patients, should be used to select patients for biliary drainage and to evaluate results of drainage studies. The clinical well-accepted drainage period of 2-4 weeks is controversial and the optimum period of drainage also requires further evaluation. The percutaneous approach carries significant morbidity and mortality.",
"One-month Phase II trial was conducted in 43 sputum smear-positive patients with pulmonary tuberculosis randomized into treatment (n = 22) and placebo (n = 21) arms to investigate the safety and efficacy of an orally-administered therapeutic TB vaccine (V7) containing 10 μg of heat-killed Mycobacterium vaccae provided by Longcom company. Immunotherapy and control groups comprised 8 newly diagnosed (1stDx TB; 18.6%), 6 re-treated (RTB; 14%), and 29 multidrug-resistant (MDR-TB; 67.4%) cases distributed at 5:4:13 and 3:2:16 ratios, respectively. Both arms received conventional TB drugs administered under directly observed therapy. The average weight gain in V7 arm was modest, but statistically significant (0.6 kg; p = 0.004), while placebo patients lost 0.1 kg (p = 0.77). Except defervescence and increased lymphocyte percentage, other secondary endpoints such as erythrocyte sedimentation rate (ESR), leukocyte counts and hemoglobin content were not significantly affected. In control patients only one secondary endpoint, ESR, has improved. After one month mycobacterial clearance in sputum smears was observed in 31.8% (p = 0.03) and 9.5% (p = 0.83) of patients on V7 and placebo. However, the difference between outcomes in two arms was below significance threshold (p = 0.07). Thus, larger population of patients with prolonged follow-up is required to support these preliminary findings.",
"The clinical effectiveness of Hydroxyurea in thalassemia is still controversial. The present paper puts together the authors' experience in two groups of patients with thalassemia intermedia and sickle cell/beta-thalassemia treated with varying dosages of hydroxyurea over several months. A third group received hydroxyurea along with recombinant human erythropoietin. Our observations are summarized in that treatment with hydroxyrea results in a significant increase of fetal hemoglobin with no change of the total hemoglobin levels. The drug causes also a considerable increase of the erythrocyte volume and hemoglobin content while the MCHC values remain unchanged. As a rule, and without objective criteria so far, patients state feeling better and having more energy. The authors postulate that this feeling may reflect the significant decrease of ineffective erythropoiesis resulting by the replacement of the poorly hemoglobinized, prematurely dying erythroid progenitor and red cell population by another population of cells with higher hemoglobin content and longer survival, the regeneration of which requires less energy and consumption. As expected, patients with sickle cell/beta-thalassemia have also fewer crises and painful episodes. The above findings are in keeping with the few available reports in the literature.",
"Metoclopramide is a well-known anti-emetic drug with central and peripheral pharmacological effects. Some authors have reported metoclopramide as an adjunct therapy to other analgesics in patients with migraine attacks. Treatment of migraine headache using a mix of metoclopramide and an NSAID has been patented (European Patent EP1014961) as well as a short series showing great efficacy and tolerability of metoclopramide in patients wtih migraine attacks. We decided to conduct an open, single-blind, parallel control study in the emergency department to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of metoclopramide in patients with severe migraine attacks. 93 consecutive patients with severe migraine attacks were randomized into two groups (groups A and B). Patients in group A received 10mg of intravenous metoclopramide and patients in group B received 1 g of intravenous paracetamol. Patients were evaluated 5 minutes before (baseline), 15, 30, 60 and 120 minutes after drug delivery, and before being discharged from the emergency department They were then contacted by phone 48 hours after being discharged from the hospital (phone questionnaire). Patients treated with either metoclopramide or paracetamol showed a significant reduction in the intensity of pain at the 120 minute time point, with an 86% and 82% improvement respectively. However, patients treated with metoclopramide showed a more rapid improvement at the 15 and 30 minute evaluations. Patients with severe migraine attacks treated with metoclopramide as monotherapy showed a significant improvement in terms of pain relief and a faster improvement in pain intensity compared to those treated with paracetamol. Metoclopramide and other dopamine antagonistic drugs should be considered a therapeutic option in severe migraine headache attacks.",
"The objective of this study was to review the efficacy and safety of frovatriptan (F) versus rizatriptan (R), zolmitriptan (Z) and almotriptan (A), in women with menstrually related migraine (IHS criteria) through a pooled analysis of three individual studies. Subjects with a history of migraine with or without aura were randomized to F 2.5 mg or R 10 mg (study 1), F or Z 2.5 mg (study 2), and F or A 12.5 mg (study 3). The studies had an identical multicenter, randomized, double-blind, crossover design. After treating three episodes of migraine in no more than 3 months with the first treatment, patients had to switch to the next treatment for other 3 months. 346 subjects formed intention-to-treat population of the main study; 280 of them were of a female gender, 256 had regular menses and 187 were included in the menstrual migraine subgroup analysis. Rate of pain free at 2, 4 and 24 h was 23, 52 and 67 % with F and 30, 61 and 66 % with comparators (P = NS). Pain relief episodes at 2, 4 and 24 h were 37, 60 and 66 % for F and 43, 55 and 61 % for comparators (P = NS). Rate of recurrence was significantly (P < 0.05) lower under F either at 24 h (11 vs. 24 % comparators) or at 48 h (15 vs. 26 % comparators). Number of menstrual migraine attacks associated with drug-related adverse events was equally low (P = NS) between F (5 %) and comparators (4 %).",
"The authors present a pilot study in which 20 patients with simple rib fractures were randomized prospectively into two treatment groups. One group received ibuprofen and the other group ibuprofen plus a rib belt for analgesia. There were no statistically significant differences observed in pulmonary function testing between the groups at initial visit, 48 hours, or 5 days. Atelectasis developed in four patients, two in each treatment group; there were no cases of pneumonitis. Patients with displaced rib fractures experienced a higher rate of hemo- or pneumothorax than did those with nondisplaced fractures (5/10 v 1/10). Patients with displaced fractures who used rib belts experienced a higher rate of hemothorax than those using oral analgesia alone (4/6 v 1/4). Patients using rib belts uniformly reported a significant amount of additional pain relief. The clinician can use a rib belt to provide additional comfort to the patient with fractured ribs without apparent additional compromise to respiratory parameters. A further study stratifying displaced and nondisplaced fractures has been initiated to clarify the possible contributing roles of displaced rib fractures and the rib belt in patients with displaced fractures.",
"The ability of tonabersat to relieve the symptoms of migraine attacks with or without aura was evaluated in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicentre, parallel-group study. Patients received 20 or 40 mg of tonabersat, or 50 mg of sumatriptan (positive control), or placebo at the onset of a moderate or severe attack. Headache intensity, relief and recurrence were recorded for 24 h after dosing. On the basis of primary or secondary efficacy measures, tonabersat did not provide a clinically or statistically significant advantage over placebo. Tonabersat generally was well tolerated and had no effect on vital signs, electrocardiogram recordings or laboratory values. The lack of efficacy may be a function of the slow absorption of tonabersat. As a consequence of slow absorption, daily administration of tonabersat as prophylaxis for migraine attacks is under investigation in ongoing studies.",
"A scoring system incorporating new quantitative echocardiographic parameters more accurately predicts outcome following PMV than existing models. Long-term post-PMV event-free survival was predicted by age, degree of mitral regurgitation, and postprocedural hemodynamic data.",
"Pethidine requirements and verbal pain scores were recorded in 36 patients after cholecystectomy via subcostal incision. All patients also received 20 ml 0.5% bupivacaine with adrenaline 1/200,000. Group 1 (12 patients) received unilateral intercostal nerve blocks. Interpleural catheters were inserted through the 8th intercostal space in the remaining patients; 12 received local anaesthetic via the catheter immediately after surgery (Group 2) and 12 were given local anaesthetic at three hours (Group 3). Small asymptomatic pneumothoraces were noted on chest X-ray in six of the 24 patients with interpleural catheters. Both types of local anaesthesia produced lower pain scores than pethidine alone (P less than 0.05) with 25% of intercostal nerve blocks and 63% of interpleural catheters requiring no pethidine in the following three hours. The provision of catheter 'top-ups' between six and 18 hours after surgery also resulted in lower pain scores and a reduction in pethidine requirements (P less than 0.05).",
"In these 28 patients, it was shown that radiolabeled DOTATOC can be effective in patients with somatostatin receptor positive paraganglioma. However, the therapy seems to be less effective than in gastroentero-pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors. Nevertheless, DOTATOC appears to be a treatment option for surgically incurable paragangliomas, because toxicity is very low and especially the fact that long lasting remissions could be achieved justifies the treatment. The final time to progression is not yet reached after a mean follow-up time of 19 months.",
"Cutaneous brush allodynia is an uncommon finding in the ED, occurring in fewer than 1 in 5 migraineurs. It does not seem to have prognostic relevance for the ED-based management of the acute migraine attack.",
"Right PNP seems to occur in a significantly larger number of patients with the second-generation CB-A. However, this complication is reversible in nearly all cases on short-term follow-up. More refined phrenic nerve monitoring during right-sided pulmonary vein ablation and less vigorous wedging maneuvers in the pulmonary vein ostia might significantly reduce the occurrence of this complication.",
"Chronic meningitis mostly occurred in HIV infected patients, where most of the infections were attributed to Cryptococcus neoformans whereas M. tuberculosis appeared secondary.",
"BIAsp 30 once daily showed similar HbA1c reduction and a similar safety profile to IGlar when used in insulin-naïve Chinese and Japanese patients on metformin and a sulfonylurea. Moreover, it provided a better coverage of post-dinner glycemic control needs than those who received IGlar. The open-label design and insufficient insulin dose titration were the main limitations of the study.",
"Clopidogrel could decrease mortality and improve cardiovascular outcomes without increasing risk of bleeding in ACS patients with CKD.",
"ISRCTN: ISRCTN53183087.",
"The various drugs and methods studied in an attempt to curb the haemodynamic stress response associated with conventional laryngoscopic endotracheal intubation have not been found to be ompletely satisfactory. The rise in heart rate can be detrimental to patients with mitral stenosis. This study was aimed to compare the heart rate responses to endotracheal intubation using conventional laryngoscope and with the help of intubating laryngeal mask airway (ILMA) in patients with isolated mitral stenosis. Thirty-four adult patients of either sex, aged between 18 and 40 years with isolated mitral stenosis to undergo closed mitral commissurotomy were randomly allocated into two groups : Group A (n=17)- To be intubated using laryngoscopy. Group B (n=17)- To be intubated with the help of ILMA. The heart rate was recorded immediately preinduction, just prior to introducing the intubating device and postintubation every minute up to first 5 minutes. On applying statistical tests, it was found that the median heart rate values in group A at 2, 3, 4 and 5 minutes postintubation were significantly higher than in group B (p<0.05). Although use of both laryngosope and ILMA for endotracheal intubation was associated with rise in heart rate, the rise was less with ILMA compared to laryngoscope. Hence, it can be concluded that use of ILMA may be a preferable device for endotracheal intubation laryngoscopy in patients with isolated mitral stenosis.",
"IPTi using a long half-life drug combination is efficacious for the prevention of malaria and anemia in infants living in a region highly endemic for both Pf and Pv.",
"In patients with recent ACS, varespladib did not reduce the risk of recurrent cardiovascular events and significantly increased the risk of MI. The sPLA2 inhibition with varespladib may be harmful and is not a useful strategy to reduce adverse cardiovascular outcomes after ACS.",
"OnabotulinumtoxinA and topiramate demonstrated similar efficacy for subjects with CM as determined by Global Physician Assessment and supported by multiple secondary endpoint measures.",
"For the cardioversion of atrial fibrillation, biphasic shock waveform has a higher success rate than monophasic shock waveform. We did not observe the influence of paddle positions on efficacy of cardioversion. Shock waveform and paddle position had no impact on ERAF. We recommend starting with biphasic energy of 150 J and monophasic of not less than 200 J for cardioversion of atrial fibrillation.",
"Compound anisodine can protect optic nerve of POAG through improving the visual function and blood supply of optic nerve.",
"Multidrug-resistant and extensively drug-resistant tuberculosis (TB) are associated with worse treatment outcomes for patients, including higher mortality, than for drug-sensitive tuberculosis. Delamanid (OPC-67683) is a novel anti-TB medication with demonstrated activity against multidrug-resistant disease. Patients who participated in the previously reported randomised, placebo-controlled trial of delamanid and the subsequent open-label extension trial were eligible to participate in a 24-month observational study designed to capture treatment outcomes. Treatment outcomes, as assessed by clinicians and defined by the World Health Organization, were categorised as favourable and unfavourable. Delamanid treatment groups were combined for analysis, based on their duration of treatment. In total, for 421 (87.5%) out of 481 patients from the original randomised controlled trial, consent was granted for follow-up assessments. Favourable outcomes were observed in 143 (74.5%) out of 192 patients who received delamanid for ≥6 months, compared to 126 (55%) out of 229 patients who received delamanid for ≤2 months. Mortality was reduced to 1.0% among those receiving long-term delamanid versus short-term/no delamanid (8.3%; p<0.001). Treatment benefit was also seen among patients with extensively drug-resistant TB. This analysis suggests that treatment with delamanid for 6 months in combination with an optimised background regimen can improve outcomes and reduce mortality among patients with both multidrug-resistant and extensively drug-resistant TB.",
"Peri-procedural anticoagulation therapy with dabigatran for RFCA of AF was equally safe and effective compared with warfarin and heparin bridging. The use of dabigatran for RFCA of AF shortened the duration of hospital stay.",
"In this multicenter study the pleural sealant was safe and effective treatment for intraoperative air leaks after lung resection. Significantly fewer patients with surgically relevant intraoperative air leaks had postoperative air leaks when the pleural sealant was applied.",
"The primary endpoint occurred in 1.4% of the radial group (n = 348) and 7.2% of the femoral group (n = 359; p = 0.0001). The NACE rate was 4.6% versus 11.0% (p = 0.0028), respectively. Crossover from radial to femoral approach was 3.7%. Intensive care stay (2.5 ± 1.7 days vs. 3.0 ± 2.9 days, p = 0.0038) as well as contrast utilization (170 ± 71 ml vs. 182 ± 60 ml, p = 0.01) were significantly reduced in the radial group. Mortality in the radial and femoral groups was 2.3% versus 3.1% (p = 0.64) at 30 days and 2.3% versus 3.6% (p = 0.31) at 6 months, respectively.",
"Baseline mean HbA1c level was 8.3%; mean age, 62 years; and mean duration of T2DM, 10 years. At 40 months, no differences in cognitive function were found in the intensive BP-lowering trial or in the fibrate trial. At 40 months, TBV had declined more in the intensive vs standard BP-lowering group (difference, -4.4 [95% CI, -7.8 to -1.1] cm(3); P = .01). Fibrate therapy had no effect on TBV compared with placebo.",
"Patients randomized to the rosuvastatin group had a significantly lower incidence of CI-AKI than controls (2.3% vs. 3.9%, respectively; p = 0.01). During 30 days' follow-up, the rate of worsening heart failure was significantly lower in the patients treated with rosuvastatin than that in the control group (2.6% vs. 4.3%, respectively; p = 0.02).",
"The inverse correlation between the frequency of attacks and the latency of R2 and R2' responses of the blink reflex confirms the abnormal eaxcitability induced by the high frequency of migraine attacks.",
"We have treated 9 patients with sickle cell anemia (SS) with hydroxyurea (HU). All 9 patients carried 4 alpha-globin genes and the beta s-globin haplotypes 19/19 (Benin/Benin), except for 1 who had haplotype 19 together with type 3 (Benin/Senegal). Six patients received HU for 10 months and were again treated with the drug for 5 months after an interval of 1 year. One patient was given HU for 22 consecutive months. A record was kept of hematological and biochemical data, Hb F and G gamma levels, as well as possible clinical complications. Our data show that HU generally improves the hematological and biochemical values and the level of Hb F, and reduces painful crises in some patients. However, although the clinical symptoms improved in some patients during HU therapy, the older patients did not observe any changes in their general condition; the same is the case for the patient with haplotype 19/3. One patient also experienced life-threatening liver sequestration during treatment. We conclude that the selection of patients who may benefit from HU therapy needs further evaluation.",
"Malaria prevention with SP in pregnancy can reduce neonatal mortality. Mechanisms associated with increased malaria infection at the end of pregnancy may explain the excess mortality in the malaria less protected group. Alternatively, SP may have reduced the risk of neonatal infections. These findings are of relevance to promote the implementation of IPTp with SP, and provide insights into the understanding of the pathophysiological mechanisms through which maternal malaria affects fetal and neonatal health.",
"We demonstrated a high degree of variation in management approaches for recent-onset atrial fibrillation and flutter patients treated in academic hospital EDs. Individual hospital site, age, previous cardioversion, and associated heart failure were independent predictors for the use of rhythm control.",
"Periprocedural hyperglycemia is an independent predictor of mortality in patients who underwent percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). However, periprocedural management of blood glucose is not standardized. The effects of routinely continuing long-acting glucose-lowering medications before coronary angiography with possible PCI on periprocedural glycemic control have not been investigated. Patients with diabetes mellitus (DM; n = 172) were randomized to continue (Continue group; n = 86) or hold (Hold group; n = 86) their clinically prescribed long-acting glucose-lowering medications before the procedure. The primary end point was glucose level on procedural access. In a subset of patients (no DM group: n = 25; Continue group: n = 25; and Hold group: n = 25), selected measures of platelet activity that change acutely were assessed. Patients with DM randomized to the Continue group had lower blood glucose levels on procedural access compared with those randomized to the Hold group (117 [97 to 151] vs 134 [117 to 172] mg/dl, p = 0.002). There were two hypoglycemic events in the Continue group and none in the Hold group, and no adverse events in either group. Selected markers of platelet activity differed across the no DM, Continue, and Hold groups (leukocyte platelet aggregates: 8.1% [7.2 to 10.4], 8.7% [6.9 to 11.4], 10.9% [8.6 to 14.7], p = 0.007; monocyte platelet aggregates: 14.0% [10.3 to 16.3], 20.8% [16.2 to 27.0], 22.5% [15.2 to 35.4], p <0.001; soluble p-selectin: 51.9 ng/ml [39.7 to 74.0], 59.1 ng/ml [46.8 to 73.2], 72.2 ng/ml [58.4 to 77.4], p = 0.014). In conclusion, routinely continuing clinically prescribed long-acting glucose-lowering medications before coronary angiography with possible PCI help achieve periprocedural euglycemia, appear safe, and should be considered as a strategy for achieving periprocedural glycemic control.",
"Normal hs-cTn levels at presentation should not be used as a single parameter to rule out AMI as 6%-23% of adjudicated AMI cases had normal levels of hs-cTn levels at presentation. Our data highlight the lack of standardisation among hs-cTnI assays resulting in substantial differences in sensitivity and NPV at the 99th percentile.",
"We have demonstrated a high rate of disagreement related to the indication to remove chest tubes after lung resection and the improvement of the agreement rate with the use of an electronic device to measure postoperative air leak and pleural pressures.",
"This trial highlights the advantages of the Perceval S self-anchoring valve which, technically is a more reproducible alternative for minimally invasive AVR. As the valve does not need to be sutured, the limited exposure is not a disadvantage even in patients with calcified or small aortic roots. This also potentially reduces the cross-clamp and ECC-times. This valve may enable a broader application of minimally invasive AVR.",
"The results from this study support the concept that the majority of glaucoma patients, who are responding inadequately to other glaucoma therapies, could benefit from a change to travoprost monotherapy or from the addition of travoprost to their existing therapy.",
"In a retrospective pilot trial comparing the risks of systemic thromboembolism or bleeding complications in patients treated with warfarin or dabigatran anticoagulation, the outcomes were similar. A prospective trial is warranted.",
"Digoxin provides symptomatic relief in patients with systolic heart failure, yet it has potential proarrhythmic mechanisms and has not been formally studied in patients with cardiac resynchronization therapy-defibrillators (CRT-Ds). We evaluated the association between digoxin use and appropriate tachyarrhythmia therapy in patients with CRT-D with advanced heart failure, analyzing the incidence of appropriate device therapies and overall survival in 350 consecutive primary prevention recipients with CRT-D with baseline left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) ≤35%, non-right bundle-branch block native QRS complex ≥120 ms, New York Heart Association III to IV heart failure, and significant coronary artery disease. Digoxin was prescribed in 162 patients (46%) at discharge from CRT-D implant. Over 48 ± 32 months of follow-up, 59 patients (17%) received ≥1 appropriate shock. Digoxin therapy was associated with shorter time to first shock in intention-to-treat (corrected hazard ratio 2.18, 95% confidence interval 1.23 to 3.87, p = 0.007) and on-treatment analysis (corrected hazard ratio 2.27, 95% confidence interval 1.27 to 4.07, p = 0.006). Patients prescribed digoxin had a lower baseline LVEF, and digoxin therapy was associated with increased risk of shocks only in patients with LVEF <22% (median); there was no increased risk in patients with LVEF ≥22%. Overall survival and incidence of antitachycardia pacing were similar regardless of digoxin therapy. In conclusion, digoxin therapy is associated with increased likelihood of appropriate CRT-D shocks for rapid ventricular arrhythmias in primary prevention patients with coronary artery disease, and this risk appears to be most evident in patients with more severe baseline LV dysfunction. Digoxin use should be reexamined prospectively in patients with CRT-D.",
"Hyperpolarization-activated, cyclic nucleotide-gated 4 (HCN4) channels comprise the final pathway for autonomic heart rate (HR) regulation. We hypothesized that HCN4 inhibition could reverse autonomic imbalance in a human model of cardiac sympathetic activation. Nineteen healthy men ingested oral metoprolol+reboxetine, ivabradine+reboxetine, or placebo+reboxetine in a double-blind, randomized, crossover fashion. We assessed HR, blood pressure (BP), stroke volume, and cardiac output during rest and profound orthostatic stress. HR variability, BP variability, and baroreflex sensitivity were analyzed. Metoprolol, but not ivabradine, decreased resting HR and BP. Ivabradine attenuated the HR increase to orthostatic stress, albeit to a lesser extent than metoprolol. Stroke volume and cardiac output at a given HR were significantly lower with metoprolol. Unlike metoprolol, ivabradine did not affect HR variability, BP variability, or baroreflex sensitivity. Ivabradine attenuates sympathetic influences on HR at the sinus node level, leaving myocardial sympathetic activation unopposed. Reversal of parasympathetic dysfunction by ivabradine appears limited.",
"The perioperative QTc intervals were significantly increased from the baseline values, but were not affected by the pre- or post-surgical timing of palonosetron administration.",
"This study investigated the association of copper and zinc levels in the serum or urine of patients living in northeast China, with either prediabetes or diabetes. From January 2010 to October 2011, patients with type 1 diabetes (T1D, n = 25), type 2 diabetes (T2D, n = 137), impaired fasting glucose (IFG, n = 12) or impaired glucose tolerance (IGT, n = 15), and age/gender matched controls (n = 50) were enrolled. In the T2D group, there were 24 patients with nephropathy, 34 with retinopathy, and 50 with peripheral neuropathy. Serum copper levels were significantly higher in IFG, IGT, and T2D groups. Serum zinc level was dramatically lower, and urinary zinc level was significantly higher in both T1D and T2D subjects compared with controls. The serum zinc/copper ratio was significantly lower in all the patients with IFG, ITG, T1D, and T2D. The serum copper level was positively associated with HbA1c in T2D subjects. Simvastatin treatment in T2D patients had no significant effect on serum and urinary copper and zinc. These results suggest the need for further studies of the potential impact of the imbalanced serum copper and zinc levels on metabolic syndrome, diabetes, and diabetic complications.",
"Adopting positive results of the TST and T-SPOT.TB to screen LTBI among BCG-vaccinated HIV-infected individuals might be feasible. Number needed to treat for isoniazid preventive therapy could be reduced significantly by using dual positive strategy.",
"Intermittent preventive treatment (IPT) is increasingly used to reduce malaria morbidity and mortality in children and pregnant women. The efficacy of IPT depends on the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic properties of the antimalarial drugs used. Healthy adult male volunteers whose occupation put them at high risk of malaria on the Northwest border of Thailand were randomized to receive a 3-day-treatment dose of dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine monthly (DPm) or every 2 months (DPalt) or an identical placebo with or without fat (6.4 g/dose) over a 9-month period. All volunteers were monitored weekly. One thousand adults were recruited. Dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine was well tolerated. There were 114 episodes of malaria (49 Plasmodium falciparum, 63 P. vivax, and 2 P. ovale). The protective efficacy against all malaria at 36 weeks was 98% (95% confidence interval [CI], 96% to 99%) in the DPm group and 86% (95% CI, 81% to 90%) in the DPalt group (for both, P < 0.0001 compared to the placebo group). As a result, the placebo group also had lower hematocrits during the study (P < 0.0001). Trough plasma piperaquine concentrations were the main determinant of efficacy; no malaria occurred in participants with a trough concentration above 31 ng/ml. Neither plasma piperaquine concentration nor efficacy was influenced by the coadministration of fat. DPm is safe to use and is effective in the prevention of malaria in adult males living in an area where P. vivax and multidrug-resistant P. falciparum malaria are endemic.",
"In this study, no difference in mortality appears to exist between patients with or without AF and who undergo CRT implantation. Our findings of the beneficial effects of AV-node ablation and CRT-D in AF patients deserve further investigation.",
"Latanoprost is more effective than timolol GFS in reducing IOP, and patients switched from timolol GFS to latanoprost have a further significant reduction in IOP.",
"In the short term, both AL and CQ were effective and well-tolerated for P. vivax malaria, but high rates of recurrent parasitemia were noted with both drugs. CQ provided longer post-treatment prophylaxis than AL, resulting in delayed recurrence of parasitemia. Although the current policy of species-specific treatment can be maintained for Ethiopia, the co-administration of primaquine for treatment of P. vivax malaria needs to be urgently considered to prevent relapse infections.",
"It has been shown that the clinical course of sickle cell (SS) patients can be ameliorated by administration of hydroxyurea (HU). Induction of hemoglobin F (HbF) is thought to be the mechanism responsible for clinical improvement in some patients. However, HU has a variable effect on HbF production and there exists no good correlation between the extent of HbF increase and clinical response. On the other hand, the degree of adherence of SS to vascular endothelium and neutrophil counts correlate well with clinical severity. Being a cytotoxic drug, used in myeloproliferative diseases, HU may alter proliferation among various cell lines. Moreover, HU has been reported to reduce red blood cell (RBC) adhesion receptor expression in young SS individuals and induces changes in endothelial cells in vitro. It should be conceived that in addition to its effects on HbF production, HU may change the clinical symptoms of SS patients by affecting the degree of adherence of different blood cells, by influencing the activity of endothelium as well as the activity of white blood cells (WBC) and platelets. To analyze whether several of the determinants of adhesion are modulated by HU treatment we studied the levels of endothelial activity (soluble vascular adhesion molecule-1, (sVCAM-1), interleukin-8 (IL-8), fibronectin, neutrophil activity (sL-selectin, sIL-6 receptor-alpha, myeloperoxidase) and platelet activity (von Willebrand factor) in relation to clinical symptoms, hematological data and HbF levels in 8 SS patients before and during 5 months of HU therapy. Steady state sVCAM-1 levels are increased compared to normal controls and a significant decrease is noted during HU treatment, suggesting a decrease in the interactions between RBC and vascular endothelium. The IL-8 levels are comparable to those in normal controls and remain unaffected by HU therapy. Intercurrent infection and crises reveal striking increases in IL-8 which are accompanied by leukocytosis, but otherwise the IL-8 levels do not correlate with hematological data. HU has no demonstrable effect on fibronectin or soluble neutrophil adhesion molecules, but the levels of myeloperoxidase decrease significantly while WBC counts do not, implying a reduction in neutrophil activity which may help attenuate the propagation phase of a vasoocclusive crisis.",
"A multicenter study was conducted to assess the efficacy of a generic form of Atorvastatin (Ranbaxy's Storvas) in the treatment of Primary Hypercholesterolemia. One hundred and nineteen patients were given 10 mg of Storvas for four weeks and increased to 20 mg if target LDL-Cholesterol was not achieved. LDL-Cholesterol was reduced by 36.6% at four weeks and 37.5% at eight weeks from baseline. Total cholesterol and triglycerides were significantly reduced. There were no drug-related serious adverse events. We conclude that the generic atorvastatin is safe and effective in the treatment of primary hypercholesterolaemia and the results are comparable to published data on innovator atorvastatin.",
"Golimumab 50 and 100 mg for up to 2 years yielded sustained clinical and radiographic efficacy when administered to patients with active PsA. Increasing the golimumab dose from 50 to 100 mg q4wks added limited benefit. Golimumab safety through up to 2 years was consistent with other antitumour necrosis factor α agents used to treat PsA. Treatment of patients with latent tuberculosis identified at baseline appeared to be effective in inhibiting the development of active tuberculosis.",
"A significantly greater reduction of the severity of the key gastroparetic symptoms-nausea/vomiting (P=0.01), postprandial fullness (P=0.02) and bloating (P=0.006)-were seen in patients who received the intervention diet compared with the control diet, and this was also true for regurgitation/heartburn (P=0.02), but not for abdominal pain. Anxiety was reduced after the intervention diet, but not after the control diet, whereas no effect on depression or quality of life was noted in any of the groups. A higher fat intake in the intervention group was noted, but otherwise no differences in body weight, HbA1c or nutrient intake were seen.",
"Laparoscopic adrenalectomy proved as a safe and reliable procedure, displaying all advantages of minimal access surgery. In our institution, it has become the standard technique employed for benign adrenal disease. However, the operation is technically demanding, and as adrenal surgery is rare, it should be restricted to centers with special interest in laparoscopic and endocrine surgery.",
"We found a notable lack of pain assessment documentation and delays to analgesia. There is a need to improve pain assessment and management, although a majority of paediatric ED surveyed had important organizational and educational structures in place. Issues to explore include use of opioids in migraine and the underuse of femoral nerve blocks.",
"Pleural fluid CAXII is elevated in pleural effusions from lung cancer patients. Measurement of CAXII may be used in the future as a valuable adjunct to cytology in the diagnostic assessment of patients with pleural effusions related to lung cancer, especially when cytological examination is inconclusive.",
"We assessed the impact of aspiration thrombectomy (AT) in patients with ST elevation myocardial infarction undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PPCI) on major adverse cardiac events at 30 days and 1-year mortality in 517 consecutive patients who were included in the prospective, nationwide, multicenter, observational Acute Coronary Syndrome Israeli Survey in 2010. Two hundred seventeen patients (42%) underwent AT (AT-PPCI) and 300 patients conventional (C) PPCI. Both groups had similar infarct-related artery distribution and ostial or proximal culprit lesion. Patients in AT-PPCI versus C-PPCI had lower systolic blood pressure and worse Killip class on admission, more frequent Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction flow 0 or 1 before PPCI (80% vs 56%), less frequent restoration of flow after indwelling a guidewire in the infarct-related artery (32% vs 52%), and more use of IIb/IIIa glycoprotein inhibitors (69% vs 49%), respectively (p ≤0.05 for all comparisons). Thirty-day major adverse cardiac events was similar in the AT-PPCI and C-PPCI groups, 10.6% versus 9.7%, p = 0.73; adjusted odds ratio 0.97, 95% confidence interval 0.45 to 2.10, p = 0.95. One-year mortality was lower in the AT-PPCI versus C-PPCI group, 3.7% versus 6.7%, p = 0.13; adjusted hazard ratio 0.31, 95% confidence interval 0.10 to 0.96, p = 0.042. In conclusion, this study of consecutive patients with ST elevation myocardial infarction undergoing PPCI demonstrates that AT was an independent predictor of reduced 1-year mortality.",
"These results suggest that direct CoreValve implantation in patients with severe aortic stenosis is feasible and may lead to hemodynamic and clinical improvement in patients who are poor candidates for aortic valve surgery, pending confirmation in larger series with longer follow-up.",
"Proprietary or commercial disclosure may be found after the references.",
"Catheter ablation for AF without withholding OAC and with therapeutic INR is a strategy that has similar safety and efficacy when compared with the traditional transition to LMWH, avoiding the potentially inadequate anticoagulation of the initial post-ablation period.",
"The results of our study suggest that cardiac sympathetic system and nigrostriatal system are differently affected in PD. In particular, the sympathetic neurodegeneration rate is not related to nigrostriatal degeneration rate and vice versa in our series as detectable scintigraphically.",
"The ROCKET AF study will determine the efficacy and safety of rivaroxaban as an alternative to warfarin for the prevention of thromboembolism in patients with AF.",
"The research provides the evidence that mutations present in dhfr and mdr1 86 has a significant effect on the type of treatment following SP and AQ chemotherapy. SP resistance may spread rapidly, and AS + AQ is likely to be a better option, provided AQ use is restricted to the combination. The significance of the study shows that definitely combination of drugs improves SP therapy at the study site.",
"Major histocompatibility complex (MHC) genes have been investigated because of their crucial role in the defense against pathogens and their high degree of polymorphism. We performed a case-control study to assess a genetic association of MHC genes with susceptibility to tuberculosis (TB). The allelic lineages HLA-A*02 and B*18 were significantly less frequent in TB patients (n = 112, 44.6% women) than in controls (n = 224, 51.5% women): 18.8% vs 26.5%; odds ratio (OR) = 0.64; P = 0.037 and 2.7% vs 6.9%; OR = 0.37; P = 0.041. The negative association with haplotype HLA-B*18-MICA*018 (2.3% patients vs 6.4% controls; OR = 0.34; P = 0.035) was significant as a consequence of strong linkage disequilibrium (D' = 0.827 for patients and 0.923 for controls). These findings suggest a trend toward protection of the HLA-A*02 and HLA-B*18 alleles.",
"Co-administration of artemether/lumefantrine with efavirenz or nevirapine resulted in a reduction in artemether, dihydroartemisinin, lumefantrine and nevirapine exposure. These drug interactions may increase the risk of malaria treatment failure and development of resistance to artemether/lumefantrine and nevirapine. Clinical data from population pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic trials evaluating the impact of these drug interactions are urgently needed.",
"The Bion can be successfully inserted adjacent to the greater occipital nerve in an effort to treat refractory primary headache disorders. This microstimulator may provide effective occipital stimulation and headache control while minimizing the risks associated with percutaneous or paddle leads implanted subcutaneously in the occipital region.",
"TC could be proven as well-tolerated and safe. In the subgroup of patients with established air leakage, TC showed superior potential in reduction of intra-operative air leakage as well as in reduction of intensity and duration of postoperative air leakage.",
"ALRIPS remains often misdiagnosed as TB with inappropriate treatment in low-income countries. Better-targeted training programs would help reduce the morbidity burden and financial costs.",
"null",
"In a simulated delivery room setting, ION placement can be performed more quickly than UVC insertion without any difference in technical error rate or perceived ease of use. ION insertion should be considered when rapid intravenous access is required in the neonate at the time of birth, especially by health care professionals who do not routinely place UVCs.",
"Chagas cardiomyopathy is an endemic disease in Latin America. A significant proportion of patients develop atrial fibrillation (AF), which may result in stroke and increased morbidity or mortality. Interatrial block (IAB) has been associated with the development of AF in different clinical scenarios. The aim of our study was to determine whether IAB can predict new-onset AF in patients with Chagas cardiomyopathy and implantable cardioverter-defibrillators (ICDs). We conducted a retrospective study of patients with Chagas cardiomyopathy and ICDs from 14 centers in Latin America. Demographics, clinical, and device follow-up were collected. Surface electrocardiograms were scanned at 300 dpi and maximized ×8. Semiautomatic calipers were used to determine P-wave onset and offset. Partial IAB was defined as a P wave of >120 ms and advanced IAB as a P wave of >120 ms with biphasic morphology (±) in inferior leads. AF events and ICD therapies were reviewed during follow-up by 2 independent investigators. A total of 80 patients were analyzed. Mean age was 54.6 ± 10.4 years, and 52 (65%) were male. Mean left ventricular ejection fraction was 40 ± 12%. IAB was detected in 15 patients (18.8%), with 8 (10.0%) partial and 7 (8.8%) advanced. During a follow-up of 33 ± 20 months, 11 patients (13.8%) presented with new AF. IAB (partial + advanced) was strongly associated with new AF (p <0.0001) and inappropriate therapy by the ICD (p = 0.014). In conclusion, IAB (partial + advanced) predicted new-onset AF in patients with Chagas cardiomyopathy and ICDs.",
"Surgical AVR yields excellent short- and long-term outcomes for potentially high-risk, elderly patients.",
"Topical unoprostone isopropyl beneficially provides additive IOP lowering effect to topical beta-blocker in patients with primary open angle glaucoma. No serious systemic side effects were found in the present study.",
"The latanoprost and dorzolamide/timolol combination were equally effective at lowering IOP compared to untreated baseline.",
"The use of Densiron-68 was associated with a higher IOP in the early postoperative period when compared with SO.",
"Higher adiponectin and lower leptin levels are associated with a high incidence of adverse events in Japanese patients after AMI, and the leptin to adiponectin ratio independently predicts prognosis after AMI.",
"Coronary artery disease (CAD) is one of the leading causes of death. Safflower attracts great attention owing to its anti-ischemia/reperfusion injury effect. Ninety-three patients with CAD were included and randomized into safflower treatment group, PCI group and control group. Low-dose dobutamine stress echocardiography (DSE) was performed to measure end-systolic volume (ESV), end-diastolic volume (EDV), left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF) and wall motion score index (WMSI) to determine the recovery of hibernating myocardium and cardiac function in all patients before treatment and after 3-month follow-up. The study was to investigate the effects of safflower on hibernating myocardial revascularization and cardiac function. It was found that LVEF was significantly improved, while the ESV and WMSI were significantly reduced after 2-week treatment in safflower and PCI treatment groups. No significant differences were found between safflower and PCI treatment groups in ESV, EDV, WMSI and LVEF after treatment Safflower injection effectively improved hibernating myocardial function.",
"Our results suggest that combination therapy with miglitol and sitagliptin improves glycemic control and reduces the circulating protein concentrations of IL-8, sE-selectin, and sVCAM-1 in type 2 diabetic Japanese patients.",
"The unsatisfactory results associated with conventional treatments for symptoms of diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN) demonstrate a need for research into alternative therapies. The purpose of this study was to determine the efficacy of whole body vibration therapy (WBV) as a treatment for pain associated with DPN. Participants (n = 8) with painful DPN received three treatment sessions per week for four weeks. Each session consisted of four bouts of 3 min of vibration (frequency 25 Hz, amplitude 5 mm). The primary outcome measures were changes in the visual analog pain scale (VAS) and changes in the neuropathic pain scale (NPS). WBV demonstrated a significant (p < 0.05) acute pain reduction in the VAS, and a significant chronic reduction in both the VAS and NPS scales. No side-effects were observed during this study. WBV appears to be an effective, non-invasive treatment for pain associated with DPN.",
"Mechanical dispersion by strain echocardiography predicted arrhythmic events independently of LVEF in this prospective, multicenter study of patients after MI. A combination of mechanical dispersion and global strain may improve the selection of patients after MI for implantable cardioverter-defibrillator therapy, particularly in patients with LVEFs >35% who did not fulfill current implantable cardioverter-defibrillator indications.",
"QFT-GIT and TST have similar diagnostic value for active TB diagnosis. In HIV-infected patients, combining microbiological tests with both immunological tests significantly increases the sensitivity for active TB diagnosis.",
"null",
"Cowpeas, like other legumes, contain high amounts of native iron but are rich in phytic acid (PA) and polyphenols (PP) that inhibit iron absorption. NaFeEDTA may overcome the combined inhibitory effect of PA and PP. Our objective was to test the efficacy of NaFeEDTA-fortified cowpea meal in improving iron status of school children in a malaria endemic area. We conducted a double-blind, controlled trial with 5- to 12-y-old school children from 2 rural communities in northern Ghana (n = 241). Eligible children were randomly assigned to 2 treatment groups to receive either cowpea meal fortified with 10 mg Fe/meal as NaFeEDTA, or an identical but nonfortified cowpea meal. Meals were provided 3 d/wk for a period of ~7 mo under strict supervision. Mass deworming and malaria antigenemia screening and treatment were carried out at baseline and 3.5 mo into the trial. Consumption of cowpea flour fortified with NaFeEDTA resulted in improvement of hemoglobin (P < 0.05), serum ferritin (P < 0.001), and body iron stores (P < 0.001) and reduction of transferrin receptor (P < 0.001) compared with nonfortified flour. Fortification resulted in a 30 and 47% reduction in the prevalence of iron deficiency (ID) and iron deficiency anemia (IDA) (P < 0.05), respectively. The results indicate that fortification of cowpea flour with NaFeEDTA overcomes the combined inhibitory effect of PA and PP and, when used for targeted school-based fortification of cowpea flour, is effective in reducing the prevalence of ID and IDA among school children in malaria endemic rural northern Ghana.",
"Clinical Trials IRCT201008122496N4.",
"In patients with hypertensive HFPEF, the sodium-restricted DASH diet was associated with favorable changes in ventricular diastolic function, arterial elastance, and ventricular-arterial coupling.",
"This new strategy for AF discrimination based on entropy estimation expands on simpler concepts of variability, performs well at fast heart rates, and has potential for broad clinical application.",
"Pilot data suggest that among children with severe malarial anaemia and lactic acidosis transfused with packed red blood cells, the storage age of blood does not affect resolution of lactic acidosis. The results support a larger and well-powered study which is under way.",
"Trabeculectomy patients had a statistically significant lower average IOP in the diurnal tension curve compared with the other two groups. No wider variation in diurnal IOP with latanoprost compared with the surgical procedures was found. The IOP increase during the WDT was most marked in patients under latanoprost therapy.",
"V5 is safe and effective as an immune adjunct to chemotherapy for TB and can potentially reduce the treatment duration down to 1 month.",
"Changing the procedural strategies by adaptating them to the anatomical characteristics improved the outcomes of the CTI ablation.",
"Refractory hypertension is an extreme phenotype of antihypertensive treatment failure. Participants in the REasons for Geographic And Racial Differences in Stroke (REGARDS) Study, a large (n=30 239), population-based cohort were evaluated to determine the prevalence of refractory hypertension and associated cardiovascular risk factors and comorbidities. Refractory hypertension was defined as uncontrolled blood pressure (systolic/diastolic, ≥140/90 mm Hg) on ≥5 antihypertensive drug classes. Participants with resistant hypertension (systolic/diastolic, ≥140/90 mm Hg on ≥3 or <140/90 mm Hg on ≥4 antihypertensive classes) and all participants treated for hypertension served as comparator groups. Of 14 809 REGARDS participants receiving antihypertensive treatment, 78 (0.5%) had refractory hypertension. The prevalence of refractory hypertension was 3.6% among participants with resistant hypertension (n=2144) and 41.7% among participants on ≥5 antihypertensive drug classes. Among all participants with hypertension, black race, male sex, living in the stroke belt or buckle, higher body mass index, lower heart rate, reduced estimated glomerular filtration rate, albuminuria, diabetes mellitus, and history of stroke and coronary heart disease were associated with refractory hypertension. Compared with resistant hypertension, prevalence ratios for refractory hypertension were increased for blacks (3.00; 95% confidence interval, 1.68-5.37) and those with albuminuria (2.22; 95% confidence interval, 1.40-3.52) and diabetes mellitus (2.09; 95% confidence interval, 1.32-3.31). The median 10-year Framingham risk for coronary heart disease and stroke was higher among participants with refractory hypertension when compared with those with either comparator group. These data indicate that although resistant hypertension is relatively common among treated patients with hypertension, true antihypertensive treatment failure is rare.",
"AF is common in European patients with symptomatic PAD and is independently associated with a worse 2-year CV outcome.",
"Artesunate-amodiaquine treatment resulted in a higher incidence of sinus bradycardia than artemether-lumefantrine treatment in children with uncomplicated malaria, but no clinically significant rhythm disturbances were induced by combining artesunate with amodiaquine. These findings, although reassuring, may imply that non-amodiaquine based artemisinin combination therapy may be preferable for malaria treatment in patients who are otherwise at risk of cardiac effects.",
"In order to implement community case management of malaria strategy in a rural area of intense transmission, of children using artemether-lumefantrine combination, we assessed the therapeutic efficacy of the medicine. We conducted an open label and uncontrolled clinical trial in an unique centre from September 2009 to December 2009 in children 6-59 months old who consulted at health facilities for uncomplicated malaria. The primary endpoint was clinical and parasitological cure rate at day 28 corrected by PCR. In total 106 children were enrolled. Parasite clearance at day 2 was 99.04% and the adequate clinical and parasitological response corrected by PCR at day 28 was 90.5%. Our results confirm that artemether-lumefantrine combination is still effective.",
"Remodeling of LA booster pump, reservoir, and conduit function in LAF patients can be detected by 2DSTE before structural remodeling. Occurrence of LAF is associated with impairment of LA intrinsic myocardial properties. LASa can differentiate LAF patients and lower LASa is associated with early recurrence of AF after ablation.",
"Results from the present study indicate that both the autonomic nervous system activity and blood viscosity are impaired in patients with sickle cell anemia exhibiting high frequency of pain crisis in comparison with those who did not experience a crisis within the previous year.",
"Patients with SCD during vaso-occulsive painful crisis have an elevated D-dimer level. Low-dose anticoagulation treatment is associated with a significant reduction in the D-dimer levels.",
"The technical aspects and clinical application of percutaneous DS has changed in the last two decades. DS has become a practical and safe therapy in a subgroup of neonates with ductal-dependent pulmonary blood flow.",
"Preoperative NLR is associated with cognitive dysfunction 1 day after CEA. NLR ≥5 and diabetes mellitus are significantly associated with increased odds of cognitive dysfunction whereas statin use is significantly associated with decreased odds.",
"The Rhea method for estimating pneumothorax size is acceptably accurate for smaller pneumothoraces but may significantly under-estimate the size of larger pneumothoraces.",
"Arterial stroke is the main cause of poor outcome in childhood tuberculous meningitis. Aspirin has an antithrombotic action at low dose and anti-ischemic and anti-inflammatory properties, which are dose-related. The aim of the study was to explore the possible benefits of aspirin in children with tuberculous meningitis. A total of 146 consecutive children with a diagnosis of probable tuberculous meningitis were studied. Patients were randomized into 3 groups: (1) placebo group, (2) low-dose aspirin group, and (3) high-dose aspirin group. Twenty-nine additional patients who received aspirin before admission were excluded from the randomized study, but continued on low-dose aspirin. Aspirin, irrespective of dose, did not show any significant benefit regarding morbidity (hemiparesis and developmental outcome) and mortality. Aspirin was well tolerated, but 1 death was probably related to aspirin. The fact that the outcome of the high-dose aspirin group compared favorably with the other treatment groups despite younger age and more severe neurological involvement at baseline needs further investigation.",
"MTA or RT allows only incomplete removal of thrombus in patients with acute myocardial infarction. The primary end point of the study was not met. However, RT as compared with MTA seems to be more effective in thrombus removal and myocardial reperfusion.",
"The axillary vein approach for PM implantation in children is effective and safe for physicians skilled with subclavian vein approach. Younger patients with smaller vein diameters are at low risk for unsuccessful procedure.",
"Only a few series of pediatric tuberculosis (TB) have been reported in the last 20 years. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the clinical, radiological, microbiological, and treatment characteristics of childhood TB. A total of 539 children with childhood TB diagnosed over a 12-year period (1994-2005) in 16 different centers in Turkey participated in the study. The medical records of all childhood TB patients were investigated. A total of 539 children (274 males, 265 females) with childhood TB aged 10 days-17 years participated in the study. Age distribution was nearly equal among all age groups. We detected the index case in 39.8% of the patients. More than one index case was detected in 17.3% of the patients. A minimum 15-mm induration is accepted on tuberculin skin test (TST) following Bacillus Calmette-Guérin (BCG) vaccination. The TST was positive in 55.3% of the patients. Acid-fast bacillus smear was positive in 133, and polymerase chain reaction for Mycobacterium tuberculosis was positive in 45 patients. In 75 patients (13.9%), cultures yielded M. tuberculosis. One hundred fifty-one patients (28%) did not present for followup, and families of 5 patients (0.9%) discontinued the treatment. Pulmonary TB (n=285) and meningeal TB (n=85) were the most frequent diseases. In 29% of the patients, there was poor adherence to treatment or patients were lost to follow-up. We have demonstrated that household contact screening procedures play a major and important role, especially considering the high ratio of cases with contact index cases. We also recommend that the positive TST values should be reviewed according to the local cut-off data and should be specified in as many countries as possible. In view of the considerably high percentages of patients lost to follow-up and treatment discontinuation observed in our study, we suggest that application of directly observed treatment short-course (DOTS) is preferable.",
"C+A in patients unsuitable for VKA therapy is cost neutral (following our predefined conditions) as cost of clopidogrel is offset by prevention of costly strokes. These findings support the use of C+A in ACTIVE-A patients for whom VKA therapy is unsuitable.",
"On average, 33% of households in intervention villages purchased Sprinkles MNP; the average weekly intake per child was 0.9 sachets (∼11.3 mg Fe and ∼328 μg vitamin A). Compared with control subjects, intervention children had greater improvements in hemoglobin concentrations (increase of 0.9 compared with 0.6 g/dL, respectively; P = 0.02), iron deficiency (decrease of 19.3% compared with 5.3%, respectively; P = 0.001), and vitamin A deficiency (decrease of 7.5% compared with an increase of 2.5%, respectively; P = 0.01). Results adjusted for age, sex, socioeconomic status, and maternal education showed a significant association between the hemoglobin, iron, and vitamin A concentrations of children and the number of Sprinkles MNP sachets the children consumed. The prevalence of malaria, wasting, and stunting did not change significantly in either group.",
"Individuals with HA at three months after moderate-severe TBI do not improve over the ensuing nine months with respect to HA density or ADL disruptions. Those with pre-injury HA, particularly of migraine type, are at greatest risk for HA post-TBI. Other independent risk factors are penetrating-type TBI and, to a lesser degree and post-acutely only, female sex. Individuals with these risk factors should be monitored and considered for aggressive early intervention.",
"The results indicate that the dIVC and dRV are consistently low in hypovolemic subjects when compared with euvolemic subjects. Bedside serial measurements of dIVC and dRV could be a useful noninvasive tool for the detection and follow-up of patients with hypovolemia and evaluation of the response to the treatment.",
"We show that in the already high-risk settings of both GDM and PGDM, excessive GWG confers an additive risk for LGA birth weight, macrosomia, and gestational hypertension.",
"There was no significant effect of multivitamin supplementation on the primary endpoint of the trial: weight gain after eight weeks. However, significant differences in weight gain were observed among children aged six weeks to six months in subgroup analyses (n=22; 1.08 kg, compared to 0.46 kg in the placebo group; 95% CI=0.12, 1.10; p=0.01). Supplementation resulted in significant improvement in hemoglobin levels at the end of follow-up in children of all age groups; the median increase in children receiving multivitamins was 1.0 g/dL, compared to 0.4 g/dL in children receiving placebo (p<0.01). HIV-infected children between six months and three years of age had a significantly higher gain in height if they received multivitamins (n=48; 2 cm, compared to 1 cm in the placebo group; 95% CI=0.20, 1.70; p=0.01; p for interaction by age group=0.01).",
"null",
"Our results suggest that the application of cathodal stimulation over the V1 might be an effective prophylactic therapy in migraine, at least with regard to pain control.",
"Both frovatriptan regimens achieved steady-state therapeutic blood concentrations by day 2. Twice-daily dosing maintained more consistent drug concentrations than once-daily dosing and was well tolerated.",
"Passive gravitational sedimentation of red blood cells followed by buffy coat analysis dramatically improves the sensitivity of malaria diagnosis without the additional costs associated with centrifugation.",
"ACTRN12613000021774.",
"Algorithm-based statin dosing enables patients to achieve LDL-C and TC/HDL-C ratio targets quickly, with either no titration or a single titration.",
"A VF POAG end point confirmed by 3 consecutive, abnormal, reliable VF test results appears to have greater specificity and stability than either 1 or 2 consecutive, abnormal, reliable VF test results. However, some eyes whose VF POAG end point was confirmed by 3 consecutive, abnormal, reliable test results nonetheless had 1 or more normal test results on follow-up.",
"This is the first study to evaluate the efficacy of riboflavin for migraine prophylaxis in children. This was a randomized, double-blind study of riboflavin (200 mg daily) versus placebo in 48 children. The primary efficacy measure was the number of patients achieving a 50% or greater reduction in the number of migraine attacks per 4 weeks. Other outcome measures were the mean severity of migraine per day, mean duration of migraine, days with nausea or vomiting, analgesic use, and adverse effects. A 50% or greater reduction in headaches was seen in 14/21 patients in the placebo group and 12/27 patients in the riboflavin group (not significant P = .125). There were no differences between riboflavin and placebo for primary or secondary outcome variables. These results suggest that riboflavin is not an effective therapy for preventing migraine in children. A high placebo responder rate was seen, with implications for other studies of migraine in children.",
"ERP was commonly found in this healthy military population. Preventing the risk of sudden death in this population requires systematic ECG screening, medical history analysis and clinical examination to identify symptomatic patients.",
"IR assessed by the HOMA index during the acute phase of the first anterior STEMI in patients without diabetes treated by pPCI is independently associated with poorer myocardial reperfusion, impaired coronary microcirculatory function and potentially with larger final infarct size.",
"RD is mainly correlated with duration of vertigo in BPPV patients. Anxiety was demonstrated to play a role in increased body sways.",
"In the absence of clinical trials, positive end-expired pressure (PEEP) has been accepted as efficacious for treatment of postoperative decreases in arterial oxygen tension (PaO2) from a variety of causes including adult respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS). PEEP is thought to increase PaO2 by alveolar recruitment, which in turn, has been hypothesized to play a decisive role in pulmonary recovery. One hundred and eighteen patients were followed prospectively, and after development of decreased PaO2, randomized to receive recruitive PEEP (determined by blood gas criteria) or supportive PEEP (the minimal PEEP required to maintain PaO2 above 60 mm Hg on .5 inspired O2 fraction (FIO2). No prognostic factors were significantly different between the two groups. Recruitive PEEP application in 22 patients yielded a significantly increased incidence of hypotension (55 percent), pneumothorax (20 percent), and death during treatment (27 percent) when compared to the 28 supportive PEEP patients who had no hypotension or pneumothorax and only one death during treatment (4 percent). After PEEP treatment, deaths in each group were similar (19 percent and 15 percent, respectively). We find no evidence that PEEP treatment promotes beneficial outcomes and conclude that recruitment attempts may be harmful.",
"Among patients who received a background drug regimen plus 100 mg of delamanid twice daily, 45.4% had sputum-culture conversion in liquid broth at 2 months, as compared with 29.6% of patients who received a background drug regimen plus placebo (P=0.008). Likewise, as compared with the placebo group, the group that received the background drug regimen plus 200 mg of delamanid twice daily had a higher proportion of patients with sputum-culture conversion (41.9%, P=0.04). The findings were similar with assessment of sputum-culture conversion in solid medium. Most adverse events were mild to moderate in severity and were evenly distributed across groups. Although no clinical events due to QT prolongation on electrocardiography were observed, QT prolongation was reported significantly more frequently in the groups that received delamanid.",
"This prospective, multicenter, randomized, controlled trial has finished enrollment. Two-year follow-up for all 910 patients is required. The primary end point is the 2-year incidence of stroke or TIA, all-cause mortality for the first 30 days, and neurologic mortality from ≥ 31 days of follow-up, as adjudicated by a panel of physicians who are unaware of treatment allocation. This article describes the rationale and study design of CLOSURE I.",
"Co-morbid physical illness has been suggested to play an important role among the factors contributing to treatment resistance in patients with major depressive disorder. In the current study we compared the rate of physical co-morbidity, defined by ICD-10, among a large multicenter sample of 702 patients with major depressive disorder. A total of 356 of the participants were defined as treatment resistant depression (TRD) patients-having failed two or more adequate antidepressant trials. No significant difference was found between TRD and non-TRD participants in the prevalence of any ICD-10 category. This finding suggests that although physical conditions such as diabetes, thyroid dysfunction, hypertension, ischemic heart disease, and peptic diseases are often accompanied by co-morbid MDD, they do not necessarily have an impact on the course of MDD or the likelihood to respond to treatment. Marginally higher rates of co-morbid breast cancer, migraine and glaucoma were found among TRD participants. Possible explanations for these findings and their possible relation to TRD are discussed.",
"The bleach method is simple, cheap, easy to perform and cost-effective in PLWH. Its implementation in laboratories involved in routine screening of pulmonary TB among PLWH would allow practitioners to start the treatment of this life-threatening co-infection earlier.",
"A safe and reproducible Plasmodium vivax infectious challenge method is required to evaluate the efficacy of malaria vaccine candidates. Seventeen healthy Duffy (+) and five Duffy (-) subjects were randomly allocated into three (A-C) groups and were exposed to the bites of 2-4 Anopheles albimanus mosquitoes infected with Plasmodium vivax derived from three donors. Duffy (-) subjects were included as controls for each group. Clinical manifestations of malaria and parasitemia were monitored beginning 7 days post-challenge. All Duffy (+) volunteers developed patent malaria infection within 16 days after challenge. Prepatent period determined by thick smear, was longer for Group A (median 14.5 d) than for Groups B and C (median 10 d/each). Infected volunteers recovered rapidly after treatment with no serious adverse events. The bite of as low as two P. vivax-infected mosquitoes provides safe and reliable infections in malaria-naive volunteers, suitable for assessing antimalarial and vaccine efficacy trials.",
"The results show that implementing volunteer programmes to improve the coverage of accurate and timely diagnosis with RDT and early treatment may be beneficial but the timeliness of detection and sustainability must be improved.",
"The aim of the study was to assess whether trimetazidine (TMZ) could affect dispersion of atrial depolarization and ventricular repolarization. Corrected QT interval (QTc), QTc dispersion (QTc-d), Tpeak-Tend, and Tpeak-Tend dispersion (Tpeak-Tend-d) were measured in 30 patients with chronic heart failure (CHF) before and 6 months after randomization to conventional therapy plus TMZ (17 patients) or conventional therapy alone (13 patients). After 6 months, QTc was significantly reduced in both groups, whereas QT-peak was increased only in control group. Tpeak-Tend-d decreased (from 63.53 +/- 24.73 to 42.35 +/- 21.07 milliseconds, P = .006) only in TMZ group. When subgrouped according to CHF etiology, only ischemic patients on TMZ showed Tpeak-Tend-d reduction (65.00 +/- 27.14 vs 36.67 +/- 11.55 milliseconds, P = .001 in ischemic patients; 60.00 +/- 20.00 vs 56.00 +/- 33.86 milliseconds, P = NS, in nonischemic). These electrophysiological properties indicate an undiscovered mechanism of action of TMZ, which could be useful in conditions at risk of major arrhythmias.",
"Delay in diagnosis of acute PE is frequent despite current diagnostic strategies. Patients are sent home or admitted to hospital with a wrong diagnosis depending on clinical presentation or coexisting medical conditions.",
"Early work has highlighted that a large percentage of migraineurs may have an altered glucidic methabolis due to carbohydrate-induced hyperinsulinism. The aim of this study was to assess the effect of sucrose on biomarkers of energy metabolism and utilization in migraineous females. A total of 16 participants (8 = Migraine, 8 = Non-migraine) at the mid-point of their menstrual cycle underwent a 15-h fast prior to ingesting 75 g sucrose dissolved in 175 g water. Blood sampling for the assessment of serum insulin, serum cortisol and serum dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (DHEAS) and plasma glucose was conducted upon arrival at 09:00 h and then at regular 15-min intervals across a 150-min experimental period. The results showed a significant alteration in serum insulin and plasma glucose following sucrose ingestion in the migraine and non-migraine groups. In addition, significant group differences were observed in the level of serum insulin, serum DHEAS, and the cortisol:DHEAS ratio with migraine participants on average recording a higher sucrose-induced serum insulin level and lower DHEAS level and cortisol:DHEAS ratio when group data was compared. It was concluded that while sucrose consumption may potentiate serum insulin in migraineurs this does not result in the development of sucrose-induced hypoglycemia in migraine or non-migraine participants.",
"The practice of adjusting the IOP change in the treated eye by the IOP change in the untreated eye--the monocular drug trial--is no more informative than using the treated eye's unadjusted IOP change, and both of these methods are poor predictors of long-term IOP reduction with latanoprost.",
"Resistance of Plasmodium vivax to chloroquine was not demonstrated in three regions of Bolivia.",
"Patients with unstable anticoagulation have a significantly increased risk of 'clinical events' at 3 and 6 months before an event. The VGR can be incorporated into computer-dosage programs, and may offer additional safety when oral anticoagulation is monitored.",
"Our long-term data confirm the findings of the MAGIC study. The LV function did not improve, but the long-term LV volumes in the high-dosage group were reduced. During the follow-up, there were also no additional arrhythmogenic incidences. Our data could imply that CABG in combination with ASM-Tx is safe and has beneficial therapeutic effects in the long-term. However, due to the small patient number, the clinical impact is limited.",
"Novel qualitative and quantitative NIR-AF characteristics in the macula indicated the clinical relevance and suggested the pathogenesis in DME.",
"Treatment with PEMF may not alter either migraine intensity or frequency compared to baseline, but may reduce the response to placebo in migraine patients.",
"4.",
"Familial hemiplegic migraine (FHM) patients do not show hypersensitivity of the calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP)-cyclic adenosine 3',5'-monophosphate pathway, as characteristically seen in migraine patients without aura. This indicates that the pathophysiologic pathways underlying migraine headache in FHM may be different from the common types of migraine and questions whether CGRP antagonists would be effective in the treatment of FHM patients.",
"Supplementation with high doses of vitamin D accelerated clinical, radiographic improvement in all TB patients and increased host immune activation in patients with baseline 'Deficient' serum vitamin D levels. These results suggest a therapeutic role for vitamin D in the treatment of TB.",
"Previous VKA exposure does not influence the benefits of dabigatran at either dose compared with warfarin.",
"Overall cognitive performance is poorest presurgically. Though there is improvement between pre- and postamputation, cognition appears generally stable between 6 weeks and 4 months.",
"In patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation at high risk of cardioembolic events and absolute contraindications to anticoagulation, LAAC using the ACP device followed by dual-/single-antiplatelet therapy was associated with a low rate of embolic and bleeding events after a mean follow-up of 20 months. No cases of severe residual leak or device thrombosis were observed at the 6-month follow-up.",
"This study has shown that the use of at least two active principles is a common practice in the treatment of glaucoma and ocular hypertension. An additive therapy is given in order to better control the intraocular pressure, mainly with a fixed combination.",
"The development of AF is more prevalent in patients with PAF. Development of AF was not found to be an independent mortality risk factor.",
"Extrapolating the results of the PSM model to the population of Cameroonians with access to at least one mosquito net, this analysis estimates that approximately 298,000 adults and over 221,000 of their children under five slept under a bed net because of the knowledge, motivation, and/or timely reminder provided by KO Palu NightWatch activities. The programme cost less than $0.16 per adult reached, and less than $1.62 per additional person protected by a net. The results suggest a strong role for mass media communication interventions in support of investments in malaria control commodities such as LLINs.",
"Among registry patients with mitral valve regurgitation due to flail mitral leaflets, performance of early mitral surgery compared with initial medical management was associated with greater long-term survival and a lower risk of heart failure, with no difference in new-onset atrial fibrillation.",
"Malignant pheochromocytomas have exhibited partial responses to treatments with 131-I metaiodobenzylguanidine (MIBG) and with chemotherapy. The authors combined these two therapeutic methods to determine if beneficial effects from each would be additive. Patients with documented malignant pheochromocytomas were recruited with the intent of administering 131-I MIBG in three substantial amounts of radioactivity at 3-month intervals followed by a year of chemotherapy in which cyclophosphamide, dacarbazine, and vincristine were to be given in 21-day cycles. Six patients entered the protocol. After the 131-I MIBG treatments, three patients manifested declines in the presence of tumor (smaller tumor volume or abnormalities on bone and 131-I MIBG scans) and the function of tumor (decreased rate of normetanephrine excretion as the major index). Two patients completed at least 9 months of chemotherapy and showed further reductions in the presence and function of tumors and were classified as having partial responses. Progressive disease afflicted three of the other four subjects. Even though toxicity was minimal from 131-I MIBG, it was sufficient to force reduction in the dosages or duration of chemotherapy. A combination of 131-I MIBG treatments and chemotherapy produced additive effects in reducing malignant pheochromocytomas. Toxicity moderately curtailed the proposed chemotherapy protocol.",
"In AF ablation patients, ILR can detect more arrhythmias than CM. However, false detection remains a challenge. With adequate oversight, ILRs may be useful in monitoring these patients after ablation.",
"The TBET/GATA3 mRNA ratio was elevated in AMI patients throughout most of the first 20 hours after symptom onset. The biphasic M-shaped release kinetics was more likely to reflect pathophysiological changes rather than treatment effects.",
"A prospective randomized study of 85 patients who had sustained trauma to the chest requiring closed tube thoracostomy is reported. They were segregated into two groups, one of which did not receive prophylactic cephapirin sodium. Although the series is somewhat abbreviated, it would appear that the use of prophylactic antibiotics merely for the presence of a chest tube is an unsettled issue and of no definitely proved benefit.",
"This study demonstrates the safety and efficacy of this engineered bovine pericardial patch as a cardiovascular substitute for surgical repair of both simple and more complex congenital cardiac defects.",
"null",
"The study findings suggest that adherence measurements are not significantly altered by open adherence monitoring, which may simplify future adherence studies. Adherence with brimonidine eye drops was insufficient for most patients. These results demonstrate the necessity to develop new strategies to improve compliance in glaucoma therapy.",
"Our data suggest that treatment with saxagliptin for 6 weeks normalizes retinal capillary flow and improves central hemodynamics in type-2 diabetes.",
"Escitalopram is effective in treating depression in patients with diabetes mellitus, and has beneficial effects on glycemic control.",
"Our results indicated that zonisamide is as effective as topiramate in migraine prophylaxis and can be considered as an alternative treatment when topiramate is not tolerated well.",
"Chronic right ventricular apical (RVA) pacing can lead to an increased risk of heart failure and atrial fibrillation, but the acute effects of RVA pacing on left atrial (LA) function are not well known. Twenty-four patients with sick sinus syndrome and intact intrinsic atrioventricular conduction were included. All patients received dual-chamber pacemaker implants with the atrial lead in the right atrial appendage and the ventricular lead in the right ventricular (RV) apex. Transthoracic standard and strain echocardiography (measured by tissue Doppler imaging and speckle tracking image) were performed to identify functional changes in the left ventricle (LV) and LA before and after 1 hour of RVA pacing. The LA volume index did not change after pacing; however, the ratio of peak early diastolic mitral flow velocity (E) to peak early diastolic mitral annular velocity (Ea) was significantly increased and peak systolic LA strain (Sm), mean peak systolic LA strain rate (SmSR), peak early diastolic LA strain rate (EmSR), and peak late diastolic LA strain rate (AmSR) were significantly reduced after RV pacing. LV dyssynchrony, induced by RV pacing, had a significant correlation with E/Ea, Sm, and SmSR after pacing. E/Ea also had a negative correlation with Sm and SmSR after pacing. Multivariate regression analysis identified LV dyssynchrony and E/Ea as important factors that affect Sm, SmSR, EmSR, and AmSR after acute RVA pacing. Acute RVA pacing results in LA functional change and LV dyssynchrony and higher LV filling pressures reflected by E/Ea are important causes of LA dysfunction after acute RVA pacing.",
"There are two reasons for screening contacts: one is to identify cases of secondary tuberculosis disease (TB) and the other is to identify new cases of latent tuberculosis infection (LTBI). The tuberculin skin test (TST) and the interferon-gamma-release assay (IGRA) have their limitations when used for the detection of LTBI. They neither allow a definite diagnosis of LTBI nor provide information as to the date of onset. The present study was observational, multi-centre (four centers) and retrospective. Six hundred and one contacts were included. The results of the QFT test showed 88 positive (15 %). Among the 144 index cases, all presented with pulmonary disease and 89 cases were sputum positive. In our series, 101 contacts belonged to the family circle. The four factors that had a significant positive impact on the result of the QFT test were: increasing age, the region of birth of the contact (high incidence areas), both of which may indicate old infection, while contact within the family and sputum positivity of the index case probably indicate recent infection. Only sputum positivity influenced the decision to treat the LTBI. We propose a tool aimed at facilitating the decision making process in QFT positive cases. Estimation of the duration of LTBI should help the physician to decide on the need for preventative treatment as well as a search for factors that increase the risk of progression to TB disease.",
"High-risk acute myocardial infarction patients experience similar mortality in teaching- and non-teaching-intensive hospitals in July, but lower mortality in teaching-intensive hospitals in May. Low-risk patients experience no such July effect in teaching-intensive hospitals.",
"National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases.",
"null",
"SD pathogenesis has a deficiency in origin and excess in superficiality. Deficiency syndrome mainly manifests as deficiency of both Qi and Yin, and concurrently in Yang deficiency. Excess syndrome is characterized by blood stasis and phlegm turbidity. SEs analysis provides a basis for the prevention and treatment of SD with TCM and lays the foundation for objectively evaluating multicentric clinical research for SD in TCM.",
"There appear to be less progression for RNFL damage following brimonidine 0.2% therapy compared to timolol 0.5% in ocular hypertensive patients over 1 year. This finding does not correlate with IOP reduction.",
"Until coding revisions are implemented, these PSIs, especially pPE/DVT, should be used primarily for screening and case-finding. Their utility for public reporting and pay-for-performance needs to be reassessed.",
"The quality of anticoagulation with warfarin in non-selected daily practice in Kuwait is poor. This could have serious implications for patients' outcomes.",
"Kano's methodology is a useful tool to analyze differences in migraine treatment expectations among patients and neurologists. The main difference between patients and neurologists related to basic priorities. Therefore, when selecting treatment for migraine, physicians should invite the patient to participate in the decision making of which treatment is more appropriate.",
"Further evaluations of the efficacy of aspartame for sickle crisis and crisis prevention appears to be warranted.",
"β-blocker treatment was associated with reduced long term mortality in patients with acute MI and preserved systolic function who received PCI.",
"In this short-term study, dronedarone was less effective than amiodarone in decreasing AF recurrence, but had a better safety profile, specifically with regard to thyroid and neurologic events and a lack of interaction with oral anticoagulants.",
"Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) has become a lethal global threat. Insights into the immune regulation of MDR-TB are urgently needed for the development of new treatments; however, the T cell response to an MDR-TB infection in human remains unclear. In the present study, the proportion of Th1 and Th2 cell subsets and the level of related T cell subset cytokines in peripheral blood were investigated. We detected that an MDR-TB infection resulted in suppressed Th1 and Th2 cell activation, which was more remarkable in patients with MDR-TB than that in drug-sensitive tuberculosis (DS-TB) sufferers when compared to healthy controls (HCs). In addition, MDR-TB infection down-regulated the expression of IFN-γ, IL-2, and IL-10, and up-regulated IL-4, IL-6, and TNF-α expression. Our data suggest that the disturbance between protective and pathogenic effects induced by the immunosuppression of Th1- and Th2-type responses is a substantial characteristic of MDR-TB infections.",
"Sudden cardiac death may be influenced by subclinical hyperthyroidism and euthyroid sick syndrome in the short term. Furthermore, euthyroid sick syndrome is associated strongly with mortality in hemodialysis patients. Regular assessment of thyroid status may help estimate the cardiac risk of dialysis patients.",
"Deferasirox is a once-daily, oral iron chelator developed for treating transfusional iron overload. Preclinical studies indicated that the kidney was a potential target organ of toxicity. As patients with sickle cell disease often have abnormal baseline renal function, the primary objective of this randomised, open-label, phase II trial was to evaluate the safety and tolerability of deferasirox in comparison with deferoxamine in this population. Assessment of efficacy, as measured by change in liver iron concentration (LIC) using biosusceptometry, was a secondary objective. A total of 195 adult and paediatric patients received deferasirox (n = 132) or deferoxamine (n = 63). Adverse events most commonly associated with deferasirox were mild, including transient nausea, vomiting, diarrhoea, abdominal pain and skin rash. Abnormal laboratory studies with deferasirox were occasionally associated with mild non-progressive increases in serum creatinine and reversible elevations in liver function tests. Discontinuation rates from deferasirox (11.4%) and deferoxamine (11.1%) were similar. Over 1 year, similar dose-dependent LIC reductions were observed with deferasirox and deferoxamine. Once-daily oral deferasirox has acceptable tolerability and appears to have similar efficacy to deferoxamine in reducing iron burden in transfused patients with sickle cell disease.",
"It is unknown whether left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) diagnosis by electrocardiography improves risk stratification in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF). We investigated the prognostic impact of LVH diagnosis by electrocardiography in a large sample of anticoagulated patients with AF included in the Randomized Evaluation of Long-Term Anticoagulant Therapy (RE-LY) Study. We defined electrographic LVH (ECG-LVH) by strain pattern or Cornell voltage (R wave in aVL plus S wave in V3) >2.0 mV (women) or >2.4 mV (men). LVH prevalence was 22.7%. During a median follow-up of 2.0 years, 303 patients developed a stroke, 778 died (497 from cardiovascular causes), and 140 developed a myocardial infarction. LVH was associated with a greater risk of stroke (1.99% vs 1.32% per year, hazard ratio [HR] 1.51, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.18 to 1.93, p <0.001), cardiovascular death (4.52% vs 1.80% per year, HR 2.56, 95% CI 2.14 to 3.06, p <0.0001), all-cause death (6.03% vs 3.11% per year, HR 1.95, 95% CI 1.68 to 2.26, p <0.0001), and myocardial infarction (1.11% vs 0.55% per year, HR 2.07, 95% CI 1.47 to 2.92, p <0.0001). In multivariate analysis, the prognostic value of LVH was additive to CHA2DS2-VASc score and other covariates. The category-free net reclassification index and integrated discrimination improvement increased significantly after adding LVH to multivariate models. In conclusion, our study demonstrates for the first time that ECG-LVH, a simple and easily accessible prognostic indicator, improves risk stratification in anticoagulated patients with AF.",
"Multivessel percutaneous coronary intervention could not reduce the prevalence of mortality in patients with cardiogenic shock complicating ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction and multivessel disease during primary percutaneous coronary intervention.",
"Inflammation biomarkers were differentially expressed in glaucomatous tears, but the differences changed upon antioxidant/essential polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation. Chronic instillation of antihypertensive eye drops must be considered for integrating protocols to glaucoma standards of care.",
"Fourteen-day treatment with high-dose prednisolone impaired postprandial glucose metabolism in subjects with the metabolic syndrome. Concomitant treatment with sitagliptin improved various aspects of pancreatic islet-cell function, but did not prevent deterioration of glucose tolerance by GC treatment.",
"null",
"Acetaminophen 1000 mg, a nonprescription drug, is an effective and well-tolerated treatment for episodic and moderate migraine headache. In addition, acetaminophen generally provided a beneficial effect on associated symptoms of migraine including nausea, photophobia, phonophobia, and functional disability.",
"This study shows that age, level of education and place of first medical care are the factors associated with late presentation of suspects to tuberculosis management facilities.",
"The one shot HTK solution offers inferior RV protection compared with WBC, mainly in patients with depressed pre-operative RV function. When adopting HTK cardioplegia the addition of topical cooling is strongly advised.",
"THE reduction in IOP achieved by preservative-free tafluprost is equivalent to that obtained with the preserved formulation. The preservative-free formulation was generally well tolerated.",
"After 24 weeks of orally administered glutamine, children and adolescents with sickle cell anemia had a decrease in REE and improvement in nutritional parameters. Those who were underweight had a greater decrease in REE than those of normal body weight. Lowering REE may be an effective way to improve the growth of these children and adolescents.",
"Despite clinical outcome evidence and class I guideline recommendations, AldAs are underused in the United States, with only 1 in 7 eligible patients prescribed AldA at discharge after MI. This contrasts with high use of other evidence-based post-MI medications and identifies a specific gap in translation of evidence into clinical practice.",
"The aortic valve, the root architecture, and the blood/endothelia interface are conserved. The perioperative burden is less and there has been freedom from aortic and valvular events. A prospective comparative study is planned.",
"The presence of headaches in late adulthood was related to a worse performance on few measures of executive functioning, suggesting that cognitive impact is not specific to migraine but might be associated to headache.",
"We found the following changes between phase 1 and phase 2, coinciding with ATP infusion: systemic arterial pressure increased 22.2%, heart rate increased 28.04% (with no cardiac arrhythmia observed in any patient), pulmonary artery pressure rose 25.35%, pulmonary capillary pressure rose 22.17%, cardiac index rose 108% while systemic vascular resistance decreased 55.82% and pulmonary vascular resistance decreased 33.96%.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)",
"The aim of our study was to study the clinical profile of type 2 diabetes mellitus patients admitted with the diagnosis of acute kidney injury (AKI) due to bilateral acute non-obstructive pyelonephritis. The bilateral involvement was identified on various imaging modalities (ultrasound, computed tomography, nuclear scintigrapy). All the patients had AKI. Those with severe AKI underwent hemodialysis. The factors associated with the severity of illness were identified. Twenty-five patients of type 2 diabetes mellitus admitted with the diagnosis of AKI due to bilateral acute non-obstructive pyelonephritis were identified. On ultrasound, bilateral involvement was found in 12 patients and in 17 patients on computed tomography and eight patients on nuclear scintigraphy. Fourteen of them needed dialysis support. Bilateral acute pyelonephritis needs to be considered while evaluating the AKI in type 2 diabetes mellitus patients.",
"In this study, the effects of commercially available nanoparticles were studied in healthy volunteers, concluding no detectable toxicity with the utilized comprehensive assays and tests. As the authors rightfully state, further studies are definitely warranted. Studies like this are much needed for the more widespread application of nanomedicine.",
"Subclinical DME in eyes with NPDR identified by center point thickness measured on a Stratus OCT is a good predictor of CSME development.",
"The changes of CCT and CH under PGA treatment in clinical practice may influence IOP measurements and patient follow-up significantly. This should be investigated further to confirm the relationship between corneal properties and treatment of open-angle glaucoma.",
"DHP prevented development of gametocytes in 277 patients without gametocytes on day 3. In the gametocytemic patients (n = 72), primaquine was associated with faster gametocyte clearance (hazard ratio = 2.42 [95% confidence interval, 1.39-4.19], P = .002) and reduced gametocyte densities (P = .018). The day 42 cure rate of asexual stages in the DHP + primaquine and DHP-only arms were: polymerase chain reaction (PCR) unadjusted, 98.7% vs 99.4%, respectively; PCR adjusted, 100% for both. Primaquine was well tolerated.",
"These results support considering more aggressive treatment when undue elevation or variation in IOP measures is observed.",
"In the AGIS, long-term IOP fluctuation is associated with VF progression in patients with low mean IOP but not in patients with high mean IOP.",
"In this study, MAP0004 was effective and well tolerated for the acute treatment of migraine with or without aura, providing statistically significant pain relief and freedom from photophobia, phonophobia, and nausea in adults with migraine compared with placebo.",
"A predominantly skills-based approach to training physicians did not change aggregate measures of cultural competence, but did affect key attitudes and behaviors, which may better reflect the goals of cultural competence training.",
"There was a significant increase in IOP from discontinuation of timolol XE and latanoprost. The hypotensive effect of latanoprost in the combined drug therapy is significantly greater compared with timolol XE.",
"Hydroxyurea, a widely used cytotoxic/cytostatic agent that does not influence methylation of DNA bases, increases fetal hemoglobin production in anemic monkeys. To determine its effect in sickle cell anemia, we treated two patients with a total of four, 5-d courses (50 mg/kg per d, divided into three oral doses). With each course, fetal reticulocytes increased within 48-72 h, peaked in 7-11 d, and fell by 18-21 d. In patient I, fetal reticulocytes increased from 16.0 +/- 2.0% to peaks of 37.7 +/- 1.2, 40.0 +/- 2.0, and 32.0 +/- 1.4% in three successive courses. In patient II the increase was from 8.7 +/- 1.2 to 50.0 +/- 2.0%. Fetal hemoglobin increased from 7.9 to 12.3% in patient I and from 5.3 to 7.4% in patient II. Hemoglobin of patient I increased from 9.0 to 10.5 g/dl and in patient II from 6.7 to 9.9 g/dl. Additional single-day courses of hydroxyurea every 7-20 d maintained the fetal hemoglobin of patient I t 10.8-14.4%, and the total hemoglobin at 8.7-10.8 g/dl for an additional 60 d. The lowest absolute granulocyte count was 1,600/mm3; the lowest platelet count was 390,000/mm3. The amount of fetal hemoglobin per erythroid burst colony-forming unit (BFU-E)-derived colony cell was unchanged, but the number of cells per BFU-E-derived colony increased. Although examination of DNA synthesis in erythroid marrow cells in vitro revealed no decreased methylcytidine incorporation, Eco RI + Hpa II digestion of DNA revealed that hypomethylation of gamma-genes had taken place in vivo after treatment. This observation suggests that hydroxyurea is a potentially useful agent for the treatment of sickle cell anemia and that demethylation of the gamma-globin genes accompanies increased gamma-globin gene activity.",
"Novartis Pharmaceuticals.",
"This is the first prospective study of treatment with prostaglandins in clinical practice. The results indicate that many patients with early glaucoma managed primarily with prostaglandins will show very little progression over 4 years. Compared with the mid-90s, costs have not increased despite the higher acquisition cost of prostaglandins, as surgical interventions and medical consultations have decreased.",
"This 5-year study suggests that latanoprost as prescribed in 14 countries is a safe long-term treatment for patients with glaucoma and ocular hypertension.",
"Migraine without aura is more common among CeAD(stroke) patients compared to non-CeAD IS patients. The mechanisms and possible causative link remain to be proved. Although CeAD is often complicated by stroke, our data do not support increased risk of stroke in migrainous CeAD patients.",
"Tonabersat is a novel putative migraine prophylactic agent with an unique stereospecific binding site in the brain. Tonabersat has been shown, in animal models, to inhibit experimentally induced cortical spreading depression, the likely underlying mechanism for migraine aura, and cerebrovascular responses to trigeminal nerve stimulation. The aim was to study the potential for tonabersat as a migraine preventive. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicentre, parallel group study recruited patients with migraine with and without aura experiencing between two and six migraine attacks per month. After a 1-month baseline they received tonabersat 20 mg daily for 2 weeks and 40 mg daily for a further 10 weeks. The primary end-point was the change in mean number of migraine headache days between the third month and the baseline period in the intention-to-treat population comparing the placebo (n = 65) and tonabersat (n = 58) groups. At the primary end-point there was a 1.0-day (95% confidence interval -0.33, 2.39; P = 0.14) difference in reduction in migraine days between tonabersat and placebo. There were 10 secondary efficacy end-points, of which two were statistically significant. In month 3 of treatment, the responder rate, defined as a 50% reduction in migraine attacks, was 62% for tonabersat and 45% for placebo (P < 0.05), and the rescue medication use was reduced in the tonabersat group compared with placebo by 1.8 days (P = 0.02). Placebo responses were particularly high for all end-points. At least one treatment-emergent adverse event was reported in the tonabersat group in 61% of patients compared with 51% in the placebo group; none was worrisome. Placebo responses were unexpectedly high in this trial, complicating straightforward interpretation of the study results. The good tolerability and promising efficacy results support further exploration of higher doses of tonabersat in larger controlled trials.",
"Authors evaluated the effects of selective adrenergic blockade by means of doxazosin on blood pressure in 48 patients operated on for pheochromocytoma by a multicenter retrospective study. Age, tumor size, surgical approach, and operative time were analyzed as predictive factors of intraoperative hypertensive crises. Forty-eight patients underwent adrenalectomy--four open surgery and 44 laparoscopic surgery--for pheochromocytoma of adrenal glands from 1998 to 2008 after preoperative administration of doxazosin. Perioperative cardiovascular status modifications and surgical medium- and long-term outcomes were analyzed. There was no mortality, conversion rate was 4.5 per cent, and morbidity rate was 8.3 per cent. Intraoperative hypertensive crises (180/90 mmHg or higher) were observed in 14.5 per cent (seven of 48) of patients and were treated pharmacologically with no aftermath. None of the examined variables influenced the occurrence of intraoperative hypertensive episodes. Postoperative hypotension (lower than 90/60 mmHg) was observed in four of 48 patients (8.3%) and was treated by crystalloids and hydrocortisone. In the surgical treatment of pheochromocytoma, the preoperative adrenergic blockade by doxazosin does not prevent intraoperative hypertensive crises. Nevertheless, in our series, they were of short duration and were not associated with major cardiovascular complications. Perioperative hemodynamic instability was managed by preoperative pharmacological treatment, allowing low morbidity.",
"In the case of equivalence, this study should help to better define the place of aspiration compared to chest tube drainage in the management of spontaneous pneumothorax.",
"Patients with expected VP ≥80% were randomized to RV or BIV pacing. Endpoints were peak oxygen uptake (pVO2), oxygen uptake at the anaerobic threshold (VO2AT), ventilatory efficiency (VE/VCO2), and logNT-proBNP. Considering crossover, intention to treat (ITT), and on-treatment (OT) analyses of covariance (ANCOVA) were performed. For exercise testing 44 (RV: 25, BIV: 19), and for NT-proBNP 53 patients (RV: 29, BIV: 24) were included. The ITT analysis revealed significant differences in pVO2 [ANCOVA effect 2.83 mL/kg/min, confidence interval (CI) 0.83-4.91, P = 0.007], VO2AT (ANCOVA effect 2.14 mL/min/k, CI 0.14-4.15, P = 0.03), and VE/VCO2 (ANCOVA effect -5.46, CI -10.79 to -0.13, P = 0.04) favouring BIV randomization. The significant advantage in pVO2 persisted in OT analysis, while VO2AT and VE/VCO2 showed trends favouring BIV pacing. LogNT-proBNP did not differ between groups. (ITT: ANCOVA effect 0.008, CI -0.40 to +0.41, P = 0.97; OT: ANCOVA effect -0.03, CI -0.44 to 0.30, P = 0.90).",
"Our results show that the new-generation device offer a higher diagnostic yield, mainly as a result of its improved automatic detection function, and is associated with fewer adverse outcomes.",
"Our data demonstrate that the incidence of severely impaired LV function 53 ± 19 days after a STEMI treated with PCI is low. A severely depressed LVEF early after STEMI was present in 10% of all patients. Only 39% of these patients had a persistently impaired LVEF during follow-up. These findings support an expectant strategy before considering primary preventive ICD implantation after STEMI.",
"Over the 3 months of treatment, Trav/Tim produced clinically relevant IOP reductions in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension that were greater than those produced by either Trav or Tim alone. The clinical results that Trav/Tim was safe and well tolerated with an incidence of adverse events was comparable to the results of Trav or Tim alone. Trav/Tim provides both more effective IOP reduction than its components and the benefits of once-daily dosing.",
"Chloroquine remains an efficacious treatment for the treatment of vivax malaria in Afghanistan. In a setting where radical therapy cannot be administered, dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine provides additional benefit in terms of post-treatment prophylaxis, reducing the incidence of recurrence from 4-8 weeks after treatment.",
"The author(s) have no proprietary or commercial interest in any materials discussed in this article.",
"VHWs achieve higher IPTc coverage and adherence at lower costs than facility-based nurses in Jasikan district, Ghana.",
"HIV-positive smear-negative TB suspects are at high and sustained risk of death. Current guidelines for the management of HIV-infected TB suspects are limited, and this study adds to evidence that specific policies are required to promote earlier HIV and TB diagnosis and reduce delays in ART initiation.",
"This 12-week, randomized, double-masked study was designed to overcome potential shortcomings of previous trials. We enrolled 788 subjects with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension treated with a beta-blocker for > or = 4 weeks before screening. After washout, 500 subjects with a baseline mean intraocular pressure (IOP) > or = 26 and < 37 mmHg were randomized to fixed combination latanoprost-timolol in the evening (n = 170), latanoprost monotherapy in the evening (n = 165), or timolol monotherapy in the morning (n = 165). At weeks 2, 6, and 12, each subject's IOP level was measured in triplicate at 8 AM (predose), 10 AM, and 4 PM in each eye. Adverse events were monitored throughout. The statistical superiority of the fixed combination for the 18 pairwise comparisons with the 2 monotherapies was evaluated (analysis of variance). RESULTS. The statistical superiority of the fixed combination was demonstrated at 7/9 time points versus latanoprost and 9/9 time points versus timolol. Mean diurnal IOP levels were similar at baseline but significantly lower with the fixed combination than with either monotherapy at weeks 6 and 12 (each p < 0.05). Patients treated with the fixed combination were significantly more likely than those treated with either monotherapy to reach prespecified percent IOP reductions at the upper thresholds and to achieve very low target diurnal IOP levels. All therapies were well tolerated. CONCLUSIONS. Fixed combination latanoprost/timolol safely reduces IOP levels in patients with glaucoma or ocular hypertension, though only slightly more than does latanoprost monotherapy.",
"In the context of Europe-wide guidelines for management of AF, most patients with AF were satisfied with their care, but for a greater proportion of patients, some aspects are unsatisfactory. Patient-centred surveys, such as the EUPS-AF, are crucial for understanding the factors that contribute to patient satisfaction and compliance with long-term treatment for chronic conditions.",
"Baseline electrical dyssynchrony, as measured by the QLV interval, predicted CRT response. At long QLV intervals, AVO can increase the likelihood of structural response to CRT. AVO and QLV optimized that LV lead location may work synergistically to maximize CRT response.",
"The use of AADs for persistent or paroxysmal AF in this large contemporary international survey showed some deviations from international guidelines. The highest discordance came with the use of amiodarone in first line. Clearly, there is a large discrepancy between published guidelines and current practice.",
"Intermittent preventive treatment in infancy (IPTi) entails routine administration of antimalarial treatment doses at specified times in at-risk infants. Sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine (SDX/PYR) is a combination that has been used as first-line IPTi. Because of limited pharmacokinetic data and suggestions that higher milligram/kilogram pediatric doses than recommended should be considered, we assessed SDX/PYR disposition, randomized to conventional (25/1.25 mg/kg of body weight) or double (50/2.5 mg/kg) dose, in 70 Papua New Guinean children aged 2 to 13 months. Blood samples were drawn at baseline, 28 days, and three time points randomly selected for each infant at 4 to 8 h or 2, 5, 7, 14, or 21 days. Plasma SDX, PYR, and N(4)-acetylsulfadoxine (NSX, the principal metabolite of SDX) were assayed by high-performance liquid chromatography (HPLC). Using population modeling incorporating hepatic maturation and cystatin C-based renal function, two-compartment models provided best fits for PYR and SDX/NSX plasma concentration profiles. The area under the plasma concentration-time curve from 0 h to infinity (AUC(0-∞)) was greater with the double dose versus the conventional dose of PYR (4,915 versus 2,844 μg/day/liter) and SDX (2,434 versus 1,460 mg/day/liter). There was a 32% reduction in SDX relative bioavailability with the double dose but no evidence of dose-dependent metabolism. Terminal elimination half-lives (15.6 days for PYR, 9.1 days for SDX) were longer than previously reported. Both doses were well tolerated without changes in hemoglobin or hepatorenal function. Five children in the conventional and three in the double-dose group developed malaria during follow-up. These data support the potential use of double-dose SDX/PYR in infancy, but further studies should examine the influence of hepatorenal maturation in very young infants.",
"Nitric-oxide donor glyceryl-trinitrate (GTN) modulates cerebral and spinal regions that are involved in migraine and pain processing. We hypothesized that in migraineurs, the susceptibility to develop a migraine attack after GTN administration should parallel with an high sensitivity to GTN-induced change in the pain processing at spinal level. We used the temporal summation threshold (TST) of the lower limb nociceptive withdrawal reflex (NWR) and the related pain sensation to study in parallel the time-course of the effect of the GTN administration on the pain processing at spinal level in migraine and healthy subjects. Twenty-eight (21 F; 7M; mean age 34.2 ± 8.2) migraine and 15 (11 F; 4M; mean age 35.9 ± 8.9) healthy subjects were recruited in a double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over trial. Neurophysiological examinations were carried out before (baseline) and 30', 60', 120', 180' and 240' after GTN (0.9 mg sublingual) or placebo administration during two different sessions. In migraineurs, GTN administration was associated to a significant facilitation in temporal summation of pain (reduced TST and increased painful sensation) 60', 120' and 180' after drug intake when compared to baseline, to placebo condition and to controls after GTN intake. Furthermore, in migraineurs who developed migraine after GTN, a significant facilitation in temporal summation of pain was detected 60', 120' and 180' after drug intake when compared to patients without clinical response. In migraineurs the susceptibility to develop migraine attack after GTN administration seems to be a specific trait of a subgroup of patients linked to a supersensitivity of the pain system to GTN.",
"Parameters derived from the measurement of LAT of the high posterior and anterior LA wall help guide the assessment of roof line block.",
"We observed conjunctival hyperemia as the most common side effect of bimatoprost and travoprost. Tear film functions were not affected by these drugs while cytological alterations were.",
"Given the controversy concerning the effects of steroids in patients with sickle cell disease (SCD), we evaluated the tolerability of long-term steroid treatment in 16 children with SCD and autoimmune and/or systemic diseases. The steroid treatment was poorly tolerated.",
"Five children with malignancies (3 hematologic, 1 medulloblastoma, 1 hepatoblastoma) and one bone marrow transplant patient were treated for tuberculosis over a 30-year period. Three had pulmonary disease, 3 disseminated tuberculosis, and 1 had scrofula. Four of five had positive tuberculin skin tests, cultures were positive in 5/6 children. One child died of disseminated TB after engraftment, and one child had hepatotoxicity likely related to tuberculosis therapy. All cases were potentially preventable had they been screened due to established risk factors of foreign birth (4/6) or parental foreign birth (2/6). All children should be screened for latent tuberculosis before chemotherapy.",
"These data indicate that CAI and PG drugs do not interfere with AchE in POAG patients, whereas beta-blockers negatively affect the RBC deformability.",
"Maintenance of sinus rhythm (SR) is superior to rate control in atrial fibrillation (AF). In order to achieve SR, we administered single-dose intravenous amiodarone intraoperatively and evaluated its effect on conversion of rheumatic AF to SR in patients undergoing valvular heart surgery. Patients were randomly assigned to amiodarone (n = 42) or control (n = 40) group in a double blind manner. The amiodarone group received amiodarone (3 mg/kg) intravenously prior to the institution of cardiopulmonary bypass and the control group received the same volume of normal saline. In the amiodarone group, the initial rhythm after the release of aortic cross clamp was noted to be AF in 14.3% (n = 6) and remained so in 9.5% (n = 4) of patients till the end of surgery. In the control group, the rhythm soon after the release of aortic cross clamp was AF in 37.5% (n = 15) (p = 0.035) and remained so in 32.5% (n = 13) of patients till the end of surgery (p = 0.01). At the end of first post-operative day 21.4% (n = 9) of patients in amiodarone group and 55% (n = 22) of patients in control group were in AF (p = 0.002). The requirement of cardioversion/defibrillation was 1.5 (+/-0.54) in amiodarone group and 2.26 (+/-0.73) in the control group (p = 0.014), and the energy needed was 22.5 (+/-8.86) joules in the amiodarone group and 40.53 (+/-16.5) in the control group (p = 0.008). A single intraoperative dose of intravenous amiodarone increased the conversion rate of AF to normal sinus rhythm, reduced the need and energy required for cardioversion/defibrillation and reduced the recurrence of AF within one day.",
"Laparoscopic approach for pheochromocytoma can be as safe as open surgery; intraoperative haemodynamic instability, although usually controlled with success, remains a source of concern.",
"We found no difference in the proportion of or time to initial sputum culture conversion between an HIV-infected and a non-infected cohort of MDR-TB patients in Botswana, suggesting that outcomes may be comparable in similar settings with access to individualized anti-tuberculosis treatment and HAART.",
"Application properly HAM or MMC can improved the operation success rate, maintain the functional bleb long time and decreased the complications.",
"This study demonstrates the efficacy and tolerability of AS + AQ for uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria treatment in African patients over the age of 7 years.",
"Because functional transmembrane TNF-α was shown to be implicated in defense mechanisms, these findings suggest that zinc supplementation may benefit immune response against cancer in patients with DM and metabolic syndrome.",
"The evolution of the therapeutic data on AMI in this register confirms that PTCA becomes the main coronary reperfusion. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors were without effect on mortality.",
"In routine practice, the imaging work-up for screening SDHx mutation carriers should include thoraco-abdomino-pelvic computed tomography, head and neck magnetic angiography, and somatostatin receptor scintigraphy. Expert centralized image assessment is recommended.",
"Malaria parasites interact with the host cell membrane inserting new proteins and inducing oxidative and phosphorylative changes of erythrocyte proteins. In the present report we monitored the time dependent oxidative and phosphorylative modifications induced by parasites in heterozygous beta thalassemia (Het-βThal). Het-βThal causes mild anemia and is known to determine a pro-oxidant milieu and a protective effect against severe malaria. In malaria cultures Het-βThal has been reported to induce accumulation of hemoglobin denaturation products. At early parasite development stages (rings), tyrosine hyper-phosphorylation of band 3 was the most notable modification, and at later development stages (trophozoites), additional membrane proteins displayed significant hyper-phosphorylation of their serine and tyrosine residues (adducins, ankyrin, catalase). Het-βThal also caused membrane destabilization. Free radical scavengers effectively inhibited the phosphorylative response and membrane destabilization. Kinase inhibitors exerted similar effects suggesting a causal relationship between oxidative stress, membrane protein hyper-phosphorylation and increased membrane damage exacerbated by Het-βThal. In conclusion, different lines of evidence suggest that Het-βThal enhances the redox stress caused by malaria parasites inducing its protective effect destabilizing the host cell membrane. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled: Integrated omics.",
"Although prognosis of patients with AF is mainly determined by the long-term thrombotic risk, the prescription of antithrombotic therapy depends more on the bleeding risk and the immediate thrombotic risk perception.",
"Chronic RV pacing did not affect the HRQoL and physical capacity of pediatrics and young subjects. Female gender, ventricular function, and cardiovascular drugs were associated with lower HRQoL scores. Older subjects walked shorter distances in the 6MWDT, as well as subjects who were taking cardiovascular drugs.",
"Sublingual feverfew/ginger appears safe and effective as a first-line abortive treatment for a population of migraineurs who frequently experience mild headache prior to the onset of moderate to severe headache.",
"Rates of medication dispensing error were low and balanced between treatment groups. The initially reported dispensing error rate was the result of data recording and data management errors and not true medication dispensing errors. These analyses confirm the previously reported results of ARISTOTLE.",
"Our findings suggest that participants in headache trials "learn" to fill in diaries and generic instruments in a more consistent manner during the course of the study.",
"http://www.controlled-trials.com. Registration number ISRCTN66068876.",
"Addition of postdischarge oral secobarbital to a standard ED migraine treatment regimen decreased headache pain at 24 hours after discharge and improved the rate of headache resolution compared with placebo.",
"The mean follow-up period was 21+/-5 months, with the study drug discontinued prematurely in 696 of the 2301 patients (30.2%) receiving dronedarone and in 716 of the 2327 patients (30.8%) receiving placebo, mostly because of adverse events. The primary outcome occurred in 734 patients (31.9%) in the dronedarone group and in 917 patients (39.4%) in the placebo group, with a hazard ratio for dronedarone of 0.76 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.69 to 0.84; P<0.001). There were 116 deaths (5.0%) in the dronedarone group and 139 (6.0%) in the placebo group (hazard ratio, 0.84; 95% CI, 0.66 to 1.08; P=0.18). There were 63 deaths from cardiovascular causes (2.7%) in the dronedarone group and 90 (3.9%) in the placebo group (hazard ratio, 0.71; 95% CI, 0.51 to 0.98; P=0.03), largely due to a reduction in the rate of death from arrhythmia with dronedarone. The dronedarone group had higher rates of bradycardia, QT-interval prolongation, nausea, diarrhea, rash, and an increased serum creatinine level than the placebo group. Rates of thyroid- and pulmonary-related adverse events were not significantly different between the two groups.",
"The results of the present study do not support the idea of a generalised increase in NO synthase activity in migraine patients outside of a migraine attack. The smaller increase in plasma L-citrulline, urinary nitrate and cGMP excretion following L-arginine infusion in migraine patients might indicate dysfunction of endothelial NO synthase.",
"Frequent within-subject variability in QFT-GIT responses, not associated with LTBI treatment, makes it difficult for clinicians to interpret QFT-GIT conversions and reversions.",
"Albuminuria and renal impairment are independent risk factors for CV outcomes and mortality in T2D, albuminuria being the strongest risk factor and relevant at all levels of renal function. In normoalbuminuric patients, a reduction in renal function is an important predictor of CV events and all-cause mortality.",
"Clinical outcome after coronary revascularization was worse in patients with prior stroke and/or EVD, which was mainly driven by the increased risk for non-coronary cardiovascular events.",
"This study examined the intermittent exercise performance and cardiovascular health profile in elite female football players in comparison to untrained young women, as well as a subgroup subjected to football training 2x1 h · week(-1) for 16 weeks. Twenty-seven Danish national team players (elite trained, ET) and 28 untrained women (UT) underwent dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry-scanning (DXA), comprehensive transthoracic echocardiography, treadmill and Yo-Yo Intermittent Endurance level 2 (IE2) testing. Eight women in UT were also tested after the football training period. Maximal oxygen uptake rate (VO2max), peak ventilation and peak lactate were 40, 18 and 51% higher (P< 0.01) in ET than UT, respectively. Cardiac dimensions and function were greater in ET than UT, with left ventricular diastolic diameter, right ventricular diastolic diameter, tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE) and peak transmitral flow in early diastole divided by peak transmitral flow velocity in late diastole during atrial contraction (E/A-ratio) being 13, 19, 27 and 41%, respectively, greater in ET than UT (P< 0.001 to< 0.05). Yo-Yo IE2 performance was 7-fold higher in ET than UT (1772 ± 508 vs. 234 ± 66 m, P< 0.001), fat mass was 51% lower (P< 0.001) and high density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol levels were 20% higher (P< 0.01). Sixteen weeks of football elevated VO2max and Yo-Yo IE2 performance by 16 and 40%, respectively, and lowered fat mass by 6%. Cardiac function was markedly improved by 16 weeks of football training with 26 and 46% increases in TAPSE and E/A ratio, respectively, reaching levels comparable to ET. In summary, elite female football players have a superior cardiovascular health profile and intermittent exercise performance compared to untrained controls, but short-term football training can markedly improve the cardiovascular health status.",
"For patients on multiple-drug therapy including a PGA, replacement of dorzolamide/timolol with brimonidine/timolol may help achieve a lower IOP, while replacement of brimonidine plus dorzolamide/timolol with brimonidine/timolol may help achieve as low an IOP with fewer medications.",
"Objective risk assessment provides superior risk discrimination when compared with physician-estimated risk. Whether systematic use of objective risk stratification improves clinical outcomes should be studied in appropriately designed clinical trials.",
"Co-administration of artemether/lumefantrine with lopinavir/ritonavir significantly increases lumefantrine exposure, but decreases artemether exposure. Population pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic trials will be highly valuable in evaluating the clinical significance of this interaction and determining whether dosage modifications are indicated.",
"Lymphangioleiomyomatosis (LAM) is a rare lung disease affecting women. Following case reports that pregnancy exacerbates LAM, patients are frequently advised to avoid pregnancy. Our objective was to determine pregnancy and health outcomes in LAM to provide better evidence with which to council patients contemplating pregnancy. We surveyed 328 women with LAM regarding pregnancy outcomes, pulmonary function, subjective and psychological functioning, quality of life, dyspnoea and fatigue. Amongst childless women the main reason not to attempt pregnancy was based on concerns about potential effects of pregnancy on LAM. Almost two thirds of patients had been pregnant, the majority before LAM was diagnosed, in whom pregnancy outcome was generally favourable. Women diagnosed with LAM (n=15) during pregnancy had high rates of pneumothorax (67%), miscarriage (7%) and premature birth (47%). The group diagnosed with LAM before or during pregnancy (n=12) had lower mean FEV(1), FVC and DLCO after pregnancy compared with those diagnosed following pregnancy or never pregnant. There were no differences in subjective or psychological functioning, quality of life, dyspnoea or fatigue scores between groups. In newly diagnosed LAM patients there was a high incidence of premature birth and pneumothorax. These adverse outcomes may be a marker of aggressive LAM.",
"Hospitalization costs in adults with SV are significant and are impacted by comorbid medical conditions. Hospitalization rates for adults with SV are not increasing. Gastroenterologic comorbidities including protein-losing enteropathy (PLE) are common in HLHS.",
"The use of clinical trial data may limit the applicability of these findings. However, this analysis of direct medical costs only is likely a conservative estimate of the costs associated with visual field deficits.",
"null",
"UK Department for International Development, National Health Foundation.",
"To improve the treatment of patients co-infected with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) and the human immunodeficiency virus, we measured the relationship between treatment outcomes and hospital performance at four decentralised MDR-TB sites in South Africa. We describe hospital performance from the patient's perspective by the use of a graphic that visually represents a patient's treatment journey. The graphic was used to report study findings to study sites and as a catalyst for a quality improvement process.",
"In addition to significantly reducing mean monthly migraine/migrainous and migraine headache days, treatment of chronic migraine with topiramate was effective with regard to several traditionally important and clinically relevant secondary outcomes in migraine prevention trials. Treatment with topiramate was well tolerated and not associated with serious adverse events.",
"Linking appropriate case management for malaria to financial incentives has the potential to improve patient care and reduce wastage of expensive antimalarials. In our study facilities, on average only 25% of reported malaria cases were confirmed by laboratory diagnosis prior to the intervention, and the total treatment courses of antimalarials dispensed did not correspond to the number of cases reported. This study will demonstrate whether facility rather than individual incentives are compelling enough to improve case management, and whether these incentives lead to offsetting cost-savings as a result of reduced drug consumption.",
"High-dose atorvastatin does not prevent development of AF in patients with prior stroke or transient ischemic attack.",
"Among people with impaired glucose tolerance and other cardiovascular risk factors and with serial glucose measurements, diuretics and statins were associated with an increased risk of new onset diabetes, whereas the effect of β blockers was non-significant.",
"The effects of statins on the prognosis of patients with left ventricular (LV) systolic dysfunction remain controversial. The aim of this study was to assess the effect of statin treatment on clinical outcomes in acute myocardial infarction (AMI) patients with LV systolic dysfunction. A total of 5,119 AMI patients with LV ejection fraction less than 50% on the initial echocardiogram were analyzed in the Korean Acute Myocardial Infarction Registry. The study population was divided into 4 groups according to the level of high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hs-CRP) and statin treatment: low hs-CRP (hs-CRP ≤ 2.0 mg/L) and high hs-CRP (hs-CRP > 2 mg/L) with or without statin therapy. We evaluated the incidence of major adverse cardiac events (MACEs) including cardiac death, reinfarction, target lesion revascularization, and coronary artery bypass grafting during a 12-month period in each group. Statin therapy did not significantly prevent the MACEs in the low hs-CRP groups (with statin: 10.1% versus without statin: 12.0%, P = 0.249). In the high hs-CRP groups, however, the incidence of MACEs was significantly decreased with statin treatment (with statin: 11.3%, without statin: 20.8%, P < 0.001). These findings were consistently observed in all subgroups of the high-hs CRP group, including the subgroup with an LV ejection fraction less than 40%. In a multivariable logistic regression analysis of the high hs-CRP group, lack of statin therapy was a significant predictor of MACE incidence (odds ratio: 1.573, 95% confidence interval: 1.079-2.293, P = 0.018). The statin treatment was associated with better outcome in AMI and LV dysfunction patients with hs-CRP ≥ 2 mg/dL.",
"Our aim was to analyze any changes during diastole in patients with normal left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF), after pacemaker stimulation from the right ventricular outflow tract (RVOT) and right ventricular apex (RVA) lead position. This was a prospective, randomized, follow up study, which lasted for 12 months. Our research included 132 consecutive patients who were implanted with a permanent antibradycardiac pacemaker. Regarding the right ventricle lead position the patients were divided into two groups: The RVOT group--71 patients, with right ventricle outflow tract lead position and the RVA group--61 patients, with right ventricle apex lead position. We measured LVEF and diastolic parameters: peak filling ratio and time to peak filling ratio obtained by radionuclide ventriculography (RNV). The LVEF and various diastolic parameters and left atrial diameter were obtained by echocardiography. Based on the values of deceleration time of early diastolic filling (DTE), and other diastolic parameters like left atrial diameter, all the patients were classified into three degrees of diastolic dysfunction. Our results showed that there was no group difference in distribution of gender, age, body mass index (BMI), VVI to DDD pacemakers implantation ratio, RNV parameters (LVEF, peak filling rate (PFR), time to PFR (TPFR)) and echocardiography parameters: LVEF and parameters of diastolic dysfunction. After 12 months of pacemaker stimulation, LVEF by RNV remained the same in the RVOT group 51.31±15.80% (P=0.75), and also in the RVA group 53.83±6.57%, (P=0.19). In the RVOT group the PFR was highly lower and this finding was significant (P=0.01), while TPFR was also significantly lower (P=0.03). By dividing the patients according to the degree of diastolic dysfunction we found that most patients in both groups at enrollment had a second degree diastolic dysfunction. In both groups diastolic dysfunction increased, the number of patients with third degree diastolic dysfunction increased, and the number of patients with second degree diastolic dysfunction decreased, however, the worsening of diastolic function was significant only in the RVOT group. In conclusion, pacemaker stimulation from RVOT, but not in RVA, leads to progression of diastolic dysfunction in patients with preserved LVEF. This negative effect of pacemaker stimulation from RVOT on diastolic parameters was confirmed by two independent methods, RNV and echocardiography.",
"A total of 12 537 participants with dysglycaemia and high CV-risk were randomized to basal insulin glargine titrated to a fasting glucose of ≤ 5.3 mmol/L (95 mg/dL) or standard glycaemic care. Non-severe hypoglycaemia was defined as symptoms confirmed by glucose ≤ 54 mg/dL and severe hypoglycaemia as a requirement for assistance or glucose ≤ 36 mg/dL. Outcomes were: (i) the composite of CV death, non-fatal myocardial infarction or stroke; (ii) mortality; (iii) CV mortality; and (iv) arrhythmic death. Hazards were estimated before and after adjustment for a hypoglycaemia propensity score. During a median of 6.2 years (IQR: 5.8-6.7), non-severe hypoglycaemic episodes occurred in 41.7 and 14.4% glargine and standard group participants, respectively, while severe episodes occurred in 5.7 and 1.8%, respectively. Non-severe hypoglycaemia was not associated with any outcome following adjustment. Conversely, severe hypoglycaemia was associated with a greater risk for the primary outcome (HR: 1.58; 95% CI: 1.24-2.02, P < 0.001), mortality (HR: 1.74; 95% CI: 1.39-2.19, P < 0.001), CV death (HR: 1.71; 95% CI: 1.27-2.30, P < 0.001) and arrhythmic death (HR: 1.77; 95% CI: 1.17-2.67, P = 0.007). Similar findings were noted for severe nocturnal hypoglycaemia for the primary outcome and mortality. The severe hypoglycaemia hazard for all four outcomes was higher with standard care than with insulin glargine.",
"PVI + CFE ablation in non-paroxysmal AF appears to provide a reasonable proportion of arrhythmia-free patients during long-term follow-up. Poorer long-term results can be expected among female patients and those with an uninterrupted AF duration of > 4 years.",
"Health center microscopists performed well in nine of the ten health centers; while for ParaScreen RDT they performed well in only six centers. Overall the accuracy of local microscopy exceeded that of RDT for all outcomes. This study supports the introduction of RDTs only if accompanied by appropriate training, frequent supervision and quality control at all levels. Deficiencies in RDT use at some health centers must be rectified before universal replacement of good routine microscopy with RDTs. Maintenance and strengthening of good quality microscopy remains a priority at health center level.",
"Levels of hs-TnT were measurable in 93.5% of patients; 75% had levels >7.5 ng/l, 50% had levels >11.0 ng/l, and 25% had levels >16.7 ng/l. During a median 1.9-year period, the annual rates of stroke or systemic embolism ranged from 0.87% in the lowest hs-TnT quartile to 2.13% in the highest hs-TnT quartile (adjusted hazard ratio [HR]: 1.94; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.35 to 2.78; p = 0.0010). The annual rates in the corresponding groups ranged from 0.46% to 4.24% (adjusted HR: 4.31; 95% CI: 2.91 to 6.37; p < 0.0001) for cardiac death and from 1.26% to 4.21% (adjusted HR: 1.91; 95% CI: 1.43 to 2.56; p = 0.0001) for major bleeding. Adding hs-TnT levels to the CHA2DS2VASc score improved the C statistic from 0.620 to 0.635 for stroke or systemic embolism (p = 0.0226), from 0.592 to 0.711 for cardiac death (p < 0.0001), and from 0.591 to 0.629 for major bleeding (p < 0.0001). Apixaban reduced rates of stroke, mortality, and bleeding regardless of the hs-TnT level.",
"Bimatoprost is not inferior to the LTFC in maintaining IOP at a controlled level during a 24-hour period in patients switched from the nonfixed combination of latanoprost and timolol.",
"Limiting the number of simultaneously activated electrode pairs to 2 significantly reduces the rate of ACE in patients treated with a multielectrode duty-cycled phased radiofrequency catheter system for AF. This reduction corresponds with a significant prolongation of the total procedure time.",
"LTBI test results in an individual patient need to be considered in the context of prior BCG vaccination and clinical risk factors. In patient populations with low rates of TB incidence and BCG vaccination, the use of both TST and IGRA may maximise sensitivity in detecting LTBI but may also reduce specificity.",
"At baseline, patients with two or more CMCs (n = 582; 58.0%) reported more severe anxiety symptoms (10.5 [95% confidence interval {CI} = 10.1-10.9] versus 9.5 [95% CI = 9.0-10.0], p = .003) and anxiety-related disability (17.6 [95% CI = 17.0-18.2] versus 16.0 [95% CI = 15.3-16.7], p = .001). However, their clinical improvement was comparable to that of patients with one or zero CMCs (predicted change in anxiety symptoms = -3.9 versus -4.1 at 6 months, -4.6 versus -4.4 at 12 months, -4.9 versus -5.0 at 18 months; predicted change in anxiety-related disability = -6.4 versus -6.9 at 6 months, -6.9 versus -7.3 at 12 months, -7.3 versus -7.5 at 18 months). The only specific CMC with a detrimental effect was migraine, which was associated with less improvement in anxiety symptoms at 18 months (predicted change = -4.1 versus -5.3).",
"This pilot project shows that it is feasible to screen patients with TB for DM in the routine setting, resulting in a high yield of patients with known and newly diagnosed disease. Free blood tests for glucose measurement and integration of TB and DM services may improve the diagnosis and management of dually affected patients.",
"The combination therapy of ALA and backward walking proved to be more effective than ALA monotherapy. Backward walking also proved to have an ameliorating effect on balance ability and muscle strength of patients with DPN.",
"Computed tomography (CT)-guided transthoracic radiofrequency ablation was performed for nine liver tumors of eight patients, which were located in the hepatic dome and undetectable by ultrasound (US). A total 11 sessions of ablation were performed. Complications were noted in five sessions (45%) and no complications were noted in six sessions (55%). Pneumothorax was noted in five sessions (45%), including two sessions (18%) with major pneumothorax requiring a chest tube. Major complications were seen in two sessions (18%), major pneumothorax and both major pneumothorax and moderate pleural effusion, respectively. CT-guided transthoracic radiofrequency ablation may be an alternative for treatments of liver tumor in the hepatic dome.",
"A field trial was conducted on the efficacy of Interceptor nets-a long-lasting insecticidal net (LLN) factory treated with alphacypermethrin 0.667% (w/w) corresponding to 200mg/m(2), against malaria vectors Anopheles culicifacies and Anopheles fluviatilis in one of the highly endemic areas of Orissa. The study area comprised 19 villages which were randomized into three clusters and designated as Interceptor net cluster, untreated net cluster, and no net cluster. Baseline studies showed that both the vector species An. culicifacies and An. fluviatilis were 100% susceptible to alphacypermethrin. Results of wash-resistance and bio-efficacy of Interceptor nets showed 100% mortality in An. culicifacies and An. fluviatilis even after 20 washings. Bioassays on the Interceptor nets while in use in the field conditions showed a knockdown effect on 70-90% mosquitoes during different months of intervention after 3 min of exposure and 100% mortality was recorded after 24h of recovery period. The median knockdown time for these species ranged between 4.10-5.25 min and 4.00-5.00 min respectively during intervention period. In Interceptor net study area, there was a significant reduction of 88.9, 96.3 and 90.6% in the entry rate of An. culicifacies, An. fluviatilis and other anopheline species respectively with an over all reduction of 87.5% in total mosquitoes. The overall feeding success rate of mosquitoes in the trial villages was only 12.8% in comparison to 35.0 and 78.8% in villages with untreated nets and no nets respectively. A significant reduction was also recorded in parity rate and human blood index of vector species in Interceptor net area. The results of the study showed that Interceptor nets are effective against the malaria vectors and may be used as a suitable intervention strategy in high-risk areas.",
"Malaria blood-stage vaccines are in an early phase of clinical development with MSP1 being a major antigen candidate. There are limited data on the protective efficacy of antibodies against subunits of MSP1 in the malaria endemic areas of sub-Saharan Africa. This prospective cohort study was nested into a large insecticide-treated mosquito net (ITN) trial during which neonates were individually randomised to ITN protection from birth vs. protection from month six onwards in rural Burkina Faso. A sub sample of 120 children from three villages was followed for 10 months with six measurements of MSP1(42) antibodies (ELISA based on recombinant 42kDa fragment) and daily assessment of malaria episodes. Time to the next malaria episode was determined in relation to MSP1(42) antibody titres. MSP1(42) antibody titres were dependent on age, season, ITN-group, number of previous malaria episodes and parasitaemia. There were no significant differences in time until the next malaria episode in children with low compared to children with high MSP1(42) antibody titres at any point in time (101 vs. 97 days in May, p=0.6; 58 vs. 84 days in September, p=0.3; 144 vs. 161 days in March, p=0.5). The findings of this study support the short-lived nature of the humoral immune response in infants of malaria endemic areas. The study provides no evidence for antibodies against a subunit of MSP1 being protective against new malaria episodes in infants.",
"Caucasian ethnicity, traditional cardiovascular risk factors and peripheral arterial disease were independently associated with higher rates of incident AF in postmenopausal women. Hypertension and overweight status accounted for a large proportion of population attributable risk. Measuring burden of modifiable AF risk factors in older women may help target interventions.",
"Although a decline in ARTI was observed in two of the four zones and at national level, the current ARTI of about 1% in three zones suggests that further intensification of TB control activities is required.",
"This observational study confirms the IOP lowering effect of preservative-free eye drops containing the fixed combination of dorzolamide/timolol in a large patient's population. The drug was well tolerated and improved the local tolerability in the vast majority of patients.",
"The initial combination of linagliptin and metformin appears to provide a useful treatment option in patients whose blood glucose levels are increased to an extent that metformin monotherapy may not achieve treatment targets.",
"Most people infected with Mycobacterium tuberculosis have an asymptomatic condition named latent tuberculosis. These people do not have bacilli in the corporal secretions and are hard to diagnose by conventional laboratory tests. Diagnosis of latent tuberculosis infection (LTBI) in México is based on the tuberculin skin test (TST). This test has disadvantages, principally because the vaccine containing the Bacille Calmette-Guérin (BCG) is applied to 99% of this population and causes false positive TST outcomes. Recently, interferon-gamma release assays (IGRA) have been demonstrated to be a good test to detect latent tuberculosis with equal or better sensitivity to TST and without interference from BCG. However, in México the IGRA are an uncommon test due to the higher cost compared to TST. The main objective of this work was demonstrate the potential utility of the Quantiferon TB(®) gold in tube (QTB(®)-GIT) test to detect latent TB in a population from northern México. Samples from 106 subjects with close contact, or without contact, with actively infected TB patients were tested to detect LTBI. Our results show a significant difference between individuals in close contact with active TB patients (39.7%) compared to those without contact (3.2%), p < 0.01. The concordance between TST and QTB(®)-GIT was poor (κ = 0.31). Our preliminary results show that the QTB(®)-GIT has better capacity than TST to detect latent tuberculosis infection.",
"In this multicenter experience of the first 200 patients treated with the VGLA catheter, PV isolation can be achieved in virtually all patients using a single VGLA catheter with an efficacy similar to radiofrequency ablation.",
"More than a quarter of patients who underwent primary PCI were excluded from hospital quality reports collected by CMS, and this percentage has grown substantially over time. These findings may have significant implications for our understanding of process improvement in primary PCI and mechanisms for reimbursement through Medicare.",
"DP was the most efficacious and well-tolerated regimen tested, although AQ+SP appears to be a suitable alternative for IPT in schoolchildren. Use of SP for IPT may not be appropriate in areas with high-level SP resistance in Africa.",
"As 50 doctors and 70 nurses in oncologic dispensaries as well 90 doctors and 110 nurses in tuberculosis dispensaries in Primorye have been studied on the basis of voluntary testing methods supposed by C. Maslach and V.V. Boiko. The aim of this study was to estimate the relative prevalence and psychological features of the "burnout syndrome" among doctors and nurses of oncologic and tuberculosis dispensaries in Primorye Territory. "Emotional burnout" in various stages of its development is much more common among nurses (75% of respondents), compared with physicians (less than 50% tested). In nursing professional burnout syndrome developed significantly more frequently in the more severe form, and with less seniority of professional activity. The dependence of burning on the age and professional experience is more common for physicians. There is an urgent need to study the epidemiology of the "burnout syndrome" and identify ways to prevent the formation of social syndrome in medical personnel.",
"Increase in waist hip ratio is associated with increase in random blood sugar level. Therefore, there is a need of public awareness program to reduce waist circumference thus reducing weight of people to prevent development of diabetes mellitus in long run.",
"The proportion of circulating RPs strongly correlates with response to prasugrel in patients with STEMI treated with PCI. High levels of RPs are associated with increased platelet reactivity despite prasugrel treatment.",
"Dabigatran etexilate is the orally bioavailable pro-drug of dabigatran, a direct thrombin inhibitor. Using data from eight clinical studies in healthy volunteers and patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation (AF) or undergoing orthopaedic surgery (OS), population pharmacokinetic (PK) and pharmacodynamic (PD) models were developed to investigate whether the PK and PD of dabigatran differ across different populations. In both healthy volunteers (n=80) and patients (n=1,965), the PK of dabigatran was best described by a two-compartment disposition model with first-order absorption and elimination. Renal function was the only covariate shown to have a clinically relevant impact on dabigatran exposure. The patient PK model was successfully applied in predicting exposure observed in the RE-LY trial evaluating dabigatran treatment in patients with non-valvular AF. The relationship between dabigatran plasma concentrations and activated partial thromboplastin time in healthy volunteers and patients (n=762) was best described with a combination of a linear model and a maximum effect (Emax) model, consistent with previous reports. PK/PD relationships were robust across the various populations tested and were not affected by any of the covariates examined. In summary, the PK of dabigatran is sufficiently consistent to allow extrapolation of data generated in healthy volunteers to patients with AF or undergoing OS.",
"There are no pharmacokinetic grounds to deter co-administration of an MAOI-A and subcutaneous sumatriptan. The dominance of the distribution phase and completeness of absorption of a 6 mg dose of s.c. sumatriptan explains the trivial effect size of the MAOI-A on plasma sumatriptan concentrations. Importantly, these findings should not be extrapolated to other routes of administration for sumatriptan.",
"Malaria remains one of the world's greatest killers and a vaccine is urgently required. There are no established correlates of protection against malaria either for natural immunity to the disease or for immunity conferred by candidate malaria vaccines. The RTS,S/AS02A vaccine offers significant partial efficacy against malaria.mRNA expression of five key cytokines interferon-gamma (IFN-γ), monokine induced by gamma (MIG), interleukin-10 (IL-10), transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) and forkhead box P3 (FoxP3) in peripheral blood mononuclear cells were measured by real-time RT-PCR before and after vaccination with RTS,S/AS02A and Modified Vaccinia virus Ankara encoding the circumsporozoite protein (MVA-CS) in healthy malaria-naïve adult volunteers. The only significant change was in IFN-γ mRNA expression, which was increased seven days after vaccination (P  =  0.04). Expression of MIG mRNA seven days after vaccination correlated inversely with time to detection of parasites by blood film in an experimental sporozoite challenge (r = 0.94 P  =  0.005). An inverse relationship was seen between both TGF-β1 and IL-10 mRNA at baseline and the anti-circumsporozoite IgG antibody response (r  =  -0.644 P  =  0.022 and r =  -0.554 P = 0.031 respectively). This study demonstrates the potential for MIG expression as a correlate of protection against malaria. Baseline levels of the regulatory cytokines TGF-β and IL-10 inversely correlated with antibody levels post vaccination and warrant further studies to improve understanding of individual differences in response to vaccination.",
"These data are similar to other reported data. However, differences exist, and their explanation should be pursued to provide a valuable insight into understanding ACS and improving its management.",
"The relationships between changes in myocardial uptake of metaiodobenzylguanidine (MIBG) and those in circulating catecholamines and cardiac function after treatment of phaeochromocytoma and neuroblastoma were evaluated. Iodine-123 or iodine-131 MIBG scintigraphy was performed before and after surgical resection and/or chemotherapy for primary tumours in nine patients with phaeochromocytoma and 13 patients with neuroblastoma. Changes in myocardial MIBG uptake after treatment were estimated by the heart-to-upper mediastinum (H/M) uptake ratios on the images obtained 24 h after MIBG injection, which were compared with serum levels of noradrenaline (NA) and adrenaline (A). Cardiac function was assessed by echocardiography, with measurements of the left ventricular ejection fraction (LVEF). Before treatment, eight patients with phaeochromocytoma and three with neuroblastoma showed poor myocardial MIBG uptake, with highly elevated circulating NA and A. Echocardiography, however, did not show cardiac dysfunction in these patients with the exception of two patients with phaeochromocytoma. With normalization of NA and A levels after treatment, all of these patients except for the two with persistent cardiac dysfunction showed restoration of myocardial MIBG uptake. The H/M ratios increased significantly after treatment in both patient groups, i.e. with phaeochromocytoma and with neuroblastoma (P<0.0001 and P<0.05, respectively), and these ratios correlated inversely with circulating NA and A before and after treatment. By contrast, there was no significant correlation between H/M ratios and LVEF in these two groups. These results indicate that suppression of myocardial MIBG uptake usually may not be related to cardiac dysfunction and may be reversible following normalization of excess catecholamine levels after treatment in patients with neuroadrenergic tumours. However, the suppression may persist in the presence of catecholamine-induced cardiac dysfunction. The assessment of myocardial MIBG uptake can be a helpful adjunct in monitoring the normalization of circulating catecholamine levels and also in identifying the presence of cardiac dysfunction in treated patients with neuroadrenergic tumours.",
"This prediabetes screening instrument provides a strong foundation for measuring perceived susceptibility and perceived severity in Appalachian individuals who have prediabetes.",
"Bacille Calmette-Guérin (BCG) is one of the most commonly administered vaccines worldwide. In addition to protection against tuberculosis (TB), evidence suggests that BCG immunisation has a number of additional beneficial non-specific immunological effects. These include a reduction in overall infant and child mortality attributable to causes other than TB in high-mortality regions. The antibody response to immunisations provides an opportunity to investigate the influence of BCG on the immune response to unrelated antigens. This study compared the antibody response to routine immunisations in BCG-immunised and non-BCG-immunised infants. BCG-immunised infants were recruited from a related study in which BCG was given at birth and non-BCG-immunised infants were recruited from immunisation clinics. All infants received their routine immunisations according to the Australian National Immunisation Program. Concentrations of antibodies against pneumococcal (anti-Pn Ps), Haemophilus influenzae type B (anti-Hib), tetanus toxoid (anti-TT) and hepatitis B surface (anti-HBs) antigen were measured four weeks after the last (six month) set of infant immunisations. A total of 127 parents agreed for their infants to take part in the study of which 108 were included in the final analysis (56 BCG-immunised and 52 non-BCG-immunised). The geometric mean concentration (GMC) of anti-Pn Ps IgG for all serotypes, anti-Hib IgG and anti-TT IgG were higher in the BCG-immunised group than the non-BCG-immunised group. This difference reached statistical significance for serotype 9V (p<0.01) and 18C (p=0.04). The GMC of anti-HBs IgG was lower in the BCG-immunised group than the non-BCG-immunised group (p=0.03). The majority of participants in both groups had antibody levels above the protective threshold. BCG immunisation at birth influences the antibody response to routine immunisations administered later in infancy. This has important implications for the introduction of both pneumococcal conjugate and novel TB vaccines in resource-limited countries.",
"Migraine headaches, a common chronic medical problem, require prophylactic treatment when they are frequent and severe. This is the first study to investigate the efficacy of Kiko, a Japanese practice of Qigong that uses repetitive coordinated breathing and movement as a prophylactic treatment of migraine headaches. This pilot study, a single arm, non-randomized 4-month trial, investigated whether 3 months of Kiko training would reduce the severity and/or frequency of migraine and/or MIDAS scores. The baseline migraine data were collected from participants in the first month and then participants were taught Kiko exercises in 3 monthly sessions. Participants practiced at home and had the opportunity to utilize a Kiko DVD. The participants were instructed by Washin-Ryu style martial arts Master, Hidy Ochiai. Subjects completed monthly diaries that recorded the frequency and severity of their migraines, as well as the frequency and duration of their home Kiko practice. Six of the original 13 subjects completed the trial. All the individuals who completed the study had measurable improvement in their migraines. All participants reported a positive experience in learning the technique, and there were no reported adverse effects. Although the results of this study need to be confirmed in a larger clinical trial with adequate controls for placebo effects, these preliminary results are consistent with other trials that have documented the potential benefits of mind-body practices in controlling symptoms and improving the quality of life of patients suffering from chronic medical illness.",
"Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry: ACTRN12612000132842; https://www.anzctr.org.au/Trial/Registration/TrialReview.aspx?ACTRN=12612000132842 (Archived by WebCite at http://www.webcitation.org/6Kl4jqn5u).",
"These results emphasize the importance of genetic tests in family screening. Preoperative measurement of calcitonin remains essential in MEN2 families in whom a germ-line mutation is not known. The choice of the appropriate diagnostic test must be individualized to the particular patients so that optimal results are obtained.",
"Percent emphysema was associated with smaller RV volumes and lower mass. The relationship of emphysema to cardiac function is complex but likely involves increased pulmonary vascular resistance, predominantly with reduced cardiac output, pulmonary hyperinflation, and accelerated cardiopulmonary aging.",
"It is difficult to identify the successful component(s) related to changes in metabolic syndrome (MetS) from lifestyle interventions: the weight loss, the behavior change, or the combination. The purpose of this study is to determine the effects of a weight-stable randomized controlled trial of low-fat diet and exercise, alone and in combination, on MetS. Men (n = 179) and postmenopausal women (n = 149) with elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) and low high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C) were randomized into a 1-year, weight-stable trial with four treatment groups: control (C), diet (D), exercise (E), or diet plus exercise (D+E). MetS was defined using a continuous score. Changes in MetS score (DeltaMetS) were compared between groups using analysis of covariance, stratified by gender and using two models, with and without baseline and change in percent body fat (DeltaBF) as a covariate. In men, DeltaMetS was higher for D vs. C (P = 0.04), D+E vs. C (P = 0.0002), and D+E vs. E (P = 0.02). For women, DeltaMetS was greater for D vs. C (P = 0.045), E vs. C (P = 0.02), and D+E vs. C (P = 0.004). After adjusting for DeltaBF, all differences between groups were attenuated and no longer significant. DeltaMetS were associated with DeltaBF for both men (P < 0.0001) and women (P = 0.004). After adjustment for DeltaBF, low-fat diet alone and in combination with exercise had no effect on MetS. The key component for MetS from low-fat diet and/or increased physical activity appears to be body fat loss.",
"Ivabradine is a safe and effective drug in reducing resting heart rate, improving NYHA functional class without undesirable effects on conduction parameters or ectopic activity.",
"Warfarin was found to be more efficacious than aspirin for an anticoagulation therapy of older Chinese patients with AF and stable coronary heart disease.",
"NT proBNP is a robust predictor of incident AF; its prognostic value is more significant in younger patients and women compared with older patients and men. NT proBNP was also as strongly predictive in black patients, Hispanics and Asian/Chinese as in white patients despite a lower incidence of arrhythmia.",
"This study was designed to determine if low doses of oral sodium phenylbutyrate (SPB) induce hemoglobin F (HbF) synthesis in children with hemoglobin SS (HbSS). We treated 8 children with HbSS over a period of 5-30 weeks. The initial dose (1.0 g/d) was increased weekly (by 1.0 g/d) until F-reticulocytes doubled. All patients showed an increase in F-reticulocytes (P = 0.002) that was dose-dependent (P = 0.001). Three of 5 patients who continued oral SPB for more than 10 weeks had substantial increases in HbF. We conclude that lower dose SPB is effective in inducing HbF synthesis in some children with HbSS. Further trials are warranted to determine the optimal treatment regimen.",
"Hydroxyurea may be the most promising drug suggested thus far as a treatment for patients with sickle cell anemia, but its safety and efficacy remain unproved, and it probably will not be evaluable for several years. It is not "the answer" for the disease, it seems likely that crises will not be eliminated by treatment, and at this time its use should be reserved for seriously affected adult patients who can participate in a controlled clinical trial. Every hematologist, internist, or pediatrician sees a few patients who are so severely afflicted by sickle cell anemia that their lives seem totally blighted. It is very tempting to consider treating them with hydroxyurea, because the drug is available in any pharmacy, but it is equally important to consider whether the treatment would accomplish any more than treating the physician's own sense of futility, or making the patient feel that "something was being done." If hydroxyurea were as safe as folic acid, treatment for these purposes would be reasonable. It is not, but its use may still be appropriate (although illegal unless used under an Investigational New Drug Agreement, because its use for this purpose is not approved by the FDA). Whether or not it is legal, prescription of hydroxyurea for patients with sickle cell anemia would be ethical or proper only if the potential risks, the variability of the Hb F response, and the lack of proof of clinical efficacy were clearly explained to potential recipients.",
"In this population of patients with OAG or OH, 6-week treatment with travoprost 0.004% was associated with a significantly greater decrease from baseline in pooled IOP compared with latanoprost 0.005% 20 hours after administration. There were no significant differences between the 2 groups. Travoprost and latanoprost were well tolerated.",
"The relationship between diabetes mellitus (DM) and cardiac complications has never been systematically studied in thalassaemia major (TM). We evaluated a large retrospective historical cohort of TM to determine whether DM is associated with a higher risk of heart complications. We compared 86 TM patients affected by DM with 709 TM patients without DM consecutively included in the Myocardial Iron Overload in Thalassaemia database where clinical/instrumental data are recorded from birth to the first cardiovascular magnetic resonance (CMR) exam. All of the cardiac events considered were developed after the DM diagnosis. In DM patients versus non-DM patients we found a significantly higher frequency of cardiac complications (46.5% vs. 16.9%, P < 0.0001), heart failure (HF) (30.2% vs. 11.7%, P < 0.0001), hyperkinetic arrhythmias (18.6% vs. 5.5%, P < 0.0001) and myocardial fibrosis assessed by late gadolinium enhancement (29.9% vs. 18.4%, P = 0.008). TM patients with DM had a significantly higher risk of cardiac complications [odds ratio (OR) 2.84, P < 0.0001], HF (OR 2.32, P = 0.003), hyperkinetic arrhythmias (OR 2.21, P = 0.023) and myocardial fibrosis (OR 1.91, P = 0.021), also adjusting for the absence of myocardial iron overload assessed by T2* CMR and for the covariates (age and/or endocrine co-morbidity). In conclusion, DM significantly increases the risk for cardiac complications, HF, hyperkinetic arrhythmias and myocardial fibrosis in TM patients.",
"Most ranibizumab-treated eyes did not experience sustained preinjection IOP of 21 mmHg or more (>2 consecutive visits) over 24 months. When evaluating the combined IOP end point, more ranibizumab-treated eyes had 1 or more IOP increase from baseline of 6 mmHg or more or 8 mmHg or more, with concurrent highest IOPs of 21 mmHg or more and 25 mmHg or more versus sham or PDT. Intraocular pressure should be monitored in eyes receiving ranibizumab.",
"A total of 455 patients were recruited, with 227 randomly assigned to the genotype-guided group and 228 assigned to the control group. The mean percentage of time in the therapeutic range was 67.4% in the genotype-guided group as compared with 60.3% in the control group (adjusted difference, 7.0 percentage points; 95% confidence interval, 3.3 to 10.6; P<0.001). There were significantly fewer incidences of excessive anticoagulation (INR ≥4.0) in the genotype-guided group. The median time to reach a therapeutic INR was 21 days in the genotype-guided group as compared with 29 days in the control group (P<0.001).",
"This study confirmed previous findings that telcagepant 300 mg was effective at relieving pain and other migraine symptoms at 2 hours and providing sustained pain freedom up to 24 hours. In this study, telcagepant 150 mg was also effective. Telcagepant was generally well tolerated.",
"Prevalence and prognostic value of conduction disturbances in patients with the Brugada syndrome (BrS) remains poorly known. Electrocardiograms (ECGs) from 325 patients with BrS (47 ± 13 years, 258 men) with spontaneous (n = 143) or drug-induced (n = 182) type 1 ECG were retrospectively reviewed. Two hundred twenty-six patients (70%) were asymptomatic, 73 patients (22%) presented with unexplained syncope, and 26 patients (8%) presented with sudden death or implantable cardioverter-defibrillator appropriated therapies at diagnosis or during a mean follow-up of 48 ± 34 months. P-wave duration of ≥120 ms was present in 129 patients (40%), first degree atrioventricular block (AVB) in 113 (35%), right bundle branch block (BBB) in 90 (28%), and fascicular block in 52 (16%). Increased P-wave duration, first degree AVB, and right BBB were more often present in patients after drug challenge than in patients with spontaneous type 1 ST elevation. Left BBB was present in 3 patients. SCN5A mutation carriers had longer P-wave duration and longer PR and HV intervals. In multivariate analysis, first degree AVB was independently associated with sudden death or implantable cardioverter-defibrillator appropriated therapies (odds ratio 2.41, 95% confidence interval 1.01 to 5.73, p = 0.046) together with the presence of syncope and spontaneous type 1 ST elevation. In conclusion, conduction disturbances are frequent and sometimes diffuse in patients with BrS. First degree AVB is independently linked to outcome and may be proposed to be used for individual risk stratification.",
"Iodopovidone can be used as an effective and safe agent for (chemical) pleurodesis (through tube thoracostomy), which is inexpensive and readily available.",
"Octreotide scintigraphy behaves in part complementary to MIBG, thus, increasing diagnostic sensitivity. Presence of somatostatin receptors, as demonstrated by octreotide scintigraphy, does not necessarily predict functional activity or therapeutic response.",
"Over 5 years, significant differences in cardiac death/MI and composite endpoints favored treatment with E-ZES over comparator BMS and DES. Rates of clinical restenosis and safety events, including stent thrombosis beyond the first year of revascularization, remain stable with E-ZES, leading to significant differences compared with first-generation DES.",
"Treatment of tuberculous meningitis or tuberculoma has become complicated because of adverse drug interactions found amongst antitubercular and anticonvulsant drugs. The aim of the study is to evaluate the effect of simultaneously administered isoniazid (300 mg/day) and phenytoin (300 mg/day) on 60 patients with tuberculous meningitis or tuberculoma having seizures. Plasma samples were analyzed for isoniazid, acetylated-isoniazid (AcINH) and phenytoin levels by high performance liquid chromatography at 3h of drugs administration and patients were classified as rapid or slow acetylator on the basis of metabolic ratio of isoniazid (Rm) and percentage of acetylated-isoniazid (%AcINH). Out of 60 patients studied, 23 were slow acetylators and 37 were rapid acetylators. Slow acetylators revealed higher plasma isoniazid levels and lower plasma AcINH levels, metabolic ratio and %AcINH as compared to rapid acetylators. Plasma phenytoin levels were found to be significantly higher (above therapeutic range) in slow acetylators as compared to rapid acetylators. Plasma phenytoin concentration was moderately strong, negatively correlated with metabolic ratio (r=-0.439, P<0.001) and %AcINH (r=-0.729, P<0.001). Eight comatose patients (34.8%) also showed significantly higher plasma phenytoin levels. Our results suggest that assessment of acetylator status and plasma phenytoin level is critical for dose optimization of isoniazid and phenytoin and to predict the patients at risk of intoxication.",
"ISRCTN16263443, at http://www.controlled-trials.com/isrctn.",
"Our study demonstrates that statins exert an antioxidant effect via inhibition of soluble gp91(phox) expression.",
"Supraventricular tachycardias (SVTs) are a major cause of morbidity in adults with congenital heart disease (CHD). Few data exist on safety and efficacy of antiarrhythmic drugs in this population. Our aim was to determine the efficacy of antiarrhythmic drugs in adults with CHD and first-onset SVT on maintaining sinus rhythm after conversion. This was a multicenter retrospective study including adults with CHD and first-onset SVT from January 2008 to January 2011. First-onset SVT occurred in 92 of 7,171 patients without previous SVT (mean age 51 ± 16 years, 57% women). SVTs included atrial fibrillation and flutter in >80% of the patients. Most of these patients had septal defects (50%) and left-sided lesions (21%). The acute management of SVTs resulted in sinus rhythm in 83 patients, and 89% of these patients were instituted on oral antiarrhythmics to prevent SVT recurrence. After a mean follow-up of 2.5 ± 1.4 years, only 45% of the patients were free from SVT. Class III antiarrhythmics (85% sotalol and 15% amiodarone) were associated with a significantly lesser risk of SVT recurrence compared with all other antiarrhythmic drugs (hazard ratio 0.5, 95% confidence interval 0.27 to 0.96, p = 0.036). However, adverse effects of medication occurred in 22% of the patients, mainly in patients taking amiodarone. In conclusion, in adults with CHD and first-onset SVTs, class III antiarrhythmics are more efficacious in maintaining sinus rhythm after cardioversion than other antiarrhythmics. Sotalol may be considered as the first-choice therapy as this is associated with fewer adverse effects than amiodarone.",
"The aim of the study was to evaluate the effects of steroid administration under standardised conditions in a range of patients both normal and with adrenal pathologies and to review the impact on plasma catecholamines and metanephrines. Corticosteroid administration has been linked to the development of hypertensive crises in patients with phaeochromocytoma, however a mechanism for this is not fully understood. We aimed to add useful information about the effect of steroids on levels of these hormones under usual circumstances. A prospective, observational cohort study of 50 patients undergoing the low-dose dexamethasone suppression test (LDDST) was undertaken. Additional blood samples were taken at the start and end of the standard LDDST. Biochemical analysis was carried out for plasma catecholamines and plasma free metanephrines. Demographic and hormonal data were acquired from review of the notes or measured at baseline. No significant changes in plasma catecholamines or metanephrines were seen at the end of the LDDST compared to baseline. This was also true of subgroup analysis, divided by age, gender, or type of underlying pathology. Our results suggest that hypertensive reaction responses, rare as they are, are unlikely to be related to normal adrenal physiology. Thus LDDST is likely to be safe under most circumstances, however caution should be exercised in patients with adrenal masses with imaging characteristics compatible with phaeochromocytoma. It may be prudent to defer glucocorticoid administration until functioning phaeochromocytoma has been excluded biochemically.",
"Antiretroviral therapy was initiated in 98.9% of HIV-infected children during the study. Among HIV-infected children, protocol-defined tuberculosis or death occurred in 52 children (19.0%) in the isoniazid group and 53 (19.3%) in the placebo group (P=0.93). Among HIV-uninfected children, there was no significant difference in the combined incidence of tuberculosis infection, tuberculosis disease, or death between the isoniazid group (39 children, 10%) and the placebo group (45 children, 11%; P=0.44). The rate of tuberculosis was 121 cases per 1000 child-years (95% confidence interval [CI], 95 to 153) among HIV-infected children as compared with 41 per 1000 child-years (95% CI, 31 to 52) among HIV-uninfected children. There were no significant differences in clinical or severe laboratory toxic effects between treatment groups.",
"The LTFC and bimatoprost therapies were equally effective in maintaining IOP at lower levels during the 24-hour period in patients who switched from timolol therapy. Adverse events were more frequent with bimatoprost therapy.",
"In 5.1% of STEMI patients, post-procedural OFDI identified flaps with minimal involvement of the intima in the proximal coronary arteries. A precise interpretation of FS may help decision making to avoid unnecessary procedures. (",
"Intravitreal bevacizumab (Avastin) with PRP followed by Ahmed valve implantation appears to be effective in the management of NVG.",
"Independent of patient clinical features, the regional location of medical care is a dominant determinant of variation in i-TTR in global studies of warfarin. Regional differences in mean i-TTR are heavily influenced by subtherapeutic INR values and are associated with reduced frequency of INR testing.",
"Self-administered intranasal ROX-828 was well tolerated. While the primary endpoint was not met, the results provide preliminary evidence that ROX-828 improves migraine pain.",
"Oral Mg supplementation decreases PCD, resulting in symptom improvement.",
"Acupuncture tested appeared to have a clinically minor effect on migraine prophylaxis compared with sham acupuncture.",
"In this large, population based sample of pregnant women admitted to hospital, a strong relation existed between active peripartum migraine and vascular diagnoses during pregnancy. Because these data do not allow determination of which came first, migraine or the vascular condition, prospective studies of pregnant women are needed to explore this association further.",
"In a description of MDH in five HIV-TB co-infected patients, including acute peripheral neuropathy, SM and OFX were the most common offending drugs.",
"Patients with PCOS have prolonged Pmax and Pdis. The increase in those parameters may be an indicator for identification of patients at increased risk of atrial fibrillation.",
"The purpose of this study was to examine the effects of interpleural bupivacaine on analgesia and ventilatory capacity after cholecystectomy. Forty-two patients undergoing elective cholecystectomy were randomly assigned to two groups: one to receive interpleural administration of bupivacaine-adrenaline mixture (Group 1 = 22 patients) and the other standard administration of intramuscular meperidine (Group 2 = 20 patients) for postoperative pain relief. The intensity of pain was evaluated by a visual analogue scale (VAS) preoperatively as well as at 2, 8, 24 and 48 hr postoperatively. At the same time, FVC and FEV1.0 measurements were obtained for all patients. The group given interpleural bupivacaine had better pain relief with mean VAS of 0.6 +/- 0.9 (mean +/- SD) 1.1 +/- 1.4, 0.6 +/- 0.9 and 0.8 +/- 1.2 compared with 5.2 +/- 2.2, 5.8 +/- 2.7, 5.5 +/- 2.2 and 4.5 +/- 1.8 for patients receiving meperidine (P less than 0.001). The patients in Group 1 also had larger FVC and FEV than those in Group 2: FVC 22 +/- 14.5 per cent vs 32 +/- 15.2 per cent (P less than 0.005), FEV1.0 25 +/- 15.5 vs 38 +/- 14.8 per cent (P less than 0.001) (mean +/- SD). We conclude that the interpleural analgesia can achieve better pain relief with greater ventilatory capacity than a standard analgesic regimen in the first two days after cholecystectomy.",
"Use of an RF needle resulted in shorter time to transseptal LA access, less failure in achieving transseptal LA access, and fewer visible plastic shavings.",
"Standard methods to monitor tuberculosis (TB) treatment response rely on sputum microscopy and culture conversion. Alternatives to these methods are needed for those patients whose sputum tests are smear or culture negative. Here, we examine anti-phospholipid IgM antibody level changes as a biomarker for treatment response in smear positive TB patients. Serum samples were obtained from 40 pulmonary TB patients at the start and end of the intensive phase treatment (IPT) from the CDC-TB Trials Consortium randomized clinical trial in Kampala, Uganda. Samples were screened by ELISA for IgM levels against five phospholipids found in Mycobacterium tuberculosis and host cells. Lipid antigens included cardiolipin (CL), phosphatidyl inositol (PI), phosphatidyl ethanolamine (PE), phosphatidyl choline (PTC), and sphingolipid (SL). Levels of IgM against all phospholipids significantly decreased (p = 0.034, 0.001, 0.008 0.008, 0.040, respectively) following anti-TB drug treatment in patients without lung cavitary disease at baseline. The mean sensitivity of this test in these patients was 83% when the IgM response to a single lipid antigen was used; it was >90% when responses to 2 or more lipids were assessed. In contrast, cavitary TB patients showed an overall IgM increase, with a significant rise against PE (p = 0.025). There was no significant difference in the change in antibody levels between patients who remained culture-positive and those who culture-converted after 40 doses of drug therapy. The measurement of IgM anti-phospholipid antibodies may be a useful biomarker to monitor treatment response in non-cavitary TB patients.",
"MR techniques may provide some presumptive criteria to characterize non-hypersecreting adrenal masses, such as no gadolinium enhancement and definite signal intensity loss on CSI in adenomas or quantitatively measured T2-hyperintensity and gadolinium enhancement in pheos. On the other hand, radionuclide modalities offer more specific findings in this setting since nor-cholesterol and MIBG scans are respectively able to reveal benign tumors such as adenoma and pheochromocytoma, while FDG imaging allows identification of malignant adrenal lesions. Adrenal scintigraphy is recommended in those patients, when MR images are uncertain or inconclusive.",
"Malaria infection during first trimester of pregnancy is associated to a higher risk of low birth weight. Women should be encouraged to use long-lasting insecticidal nets before and throughout their pregnancy.",
"Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN59275137 and Kenya Pharmacy and Poisons Board Ethical Committee for Clinical Trials PPB/ECCT/08/07.",
"Arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia/cardiomyopathy (ARVD/C) is frequently associated with desmosomal mutations. However, nondesmosomal mutations may be involved. The aim of this study was to assess the contribution of a phospholamban (PLN) gene mutation to ARVD/C diagnosis according to the revised 2010 task force criteria (TFC). In 142 Dutch patients (106 men, mean age 51 ± 13 years) with proven ARVD/C (fulfillment of 2010 TFC for diagnosis), 5 known desmosomal genes (PKP2, DSP, DSC2, DSG2, and JUP) and the nondesmosomal PLN gene were screened. After genetic analysis, phenotypic characteristics of desmosomal versus PLN mutation carriers were compared. In 59 of 142 patients with ARVD/C (42%), no desmosomal mutation was found. In 19 of 142 patients (13%), the PLN founder mutation c.40_42delAGA (p.Arg14del) was identified. PLN mutation carriers more often had low-voltage electrocardiograms (p = 0.004), inverted T waves in leads V4 to V6 (p <0.001), and additional structural (p = 0.007) or functional (p = 0.017) left ventricular impairment, whereas desmosomal mutation carriers had more solitary right ventricular abnormalities. The revised TFC included 21 of 142 patients with proven ARVD/C who did not meet the 1994 TFC, including 7 PLN mutation carriers. In conclusion, there is a substantial contribution of PLN mutation to ARVD/C diagnosis by the 2010 TFC. In 32% of patients (19 of 59) with genetically unexplained proven ARVD/C, this nondesmosomal mutation was found. PLN mutation carriers have ARVD/C characteristics, including important right ventricular involvement, and additionally more often low-voltage electrocardiograms, inverted T waves in the left precordial leads, and left ventricular involvement.",
"ISRCTN 74189211.",
"The results indicate that mHealth based adherence management is feasible and well accepted by patients with increased cardiovascular risk. It may help to increase adherence, even in patients with high baseline adherence and, subsequently, lead to improved control of indicators including blood pressure and cholesterol concentrations. Electronic blisters can be used in a multi-medication regimen but need to be carefully designed for day-to-day application.",
"CAPV appears to be a safe and effective procedure for the treatment of patients with AF, particularly those with paroxysmal AF and no structural heart disease.",
"Erythrocyte binding antigen region II (EBA-175) is a conserved antigen of Plasmodium falciparum that is involved in binding of the parasite to the host's erythrocytes. We evaluated the safety and immunogenicity of a recombinant EBA-175 vaccine with aluminum phosphate adjuvant in healthy young adults living in the United States. Eighteen subjects/group received ascending doses (5, 20, 80, or 160 μg) of the vaccine at 0, 1, and 6 months; 8 subjects received placebo. Most of the injection site and systemic reactions were mild to moderate in intensity. After 2 or 3 doses of the vaccine at any concentration, antibody levels measured by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay were significantly higher than those for the placebo group. Sera from subjects who received 3 doses of the vaccine at any concentration inhibited the growth of erythrocyte-stage P. falciparum at low levels compared to sera from placebo recipients or preimmune sera. In conclusion, the EBA-175 vaccine with adjuvant was safe and immunogenic in malaria-naïve subjects.",
"The objective and background is to confirm in a double-blind, placebo-controlled study the high triptan response rates we had previously reported in an open study in migraine patients with unilateral cranial autonomic symptoms. In this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study 80 migraineurs with unilateral cranial autonomic symptoms were assigned to receive rizatriptan 10 mg wafer or placebo (ratio 1:1) and treated for a single moderate or severe migraine attack. The primary endpoints were pain freedom at 2 h and total migraine freedom at 2 h. Secondary endpoints included pain relief, no associated symptoms and sustained pain freedom or relief. Significantly more patients reported pain freedom at 2 h after taking rizatriptan (54 %) than after placebo (8 %) (therapeutic gain 46 % [28 %; 64 %]; P < 0.001). Similarly, significantly more patients reported total migraine freedom at 2 h after rizatriptan (51 %) than after placebo (8 %) (therapeutic gain 43 % [26 %; 61 %]; P < 0.001). Rizatriptan was also more effective than placebo on most secondary endpoints. We confirm in a placebo-controlled study our previous data suggesting that the presence of unilateral cranial autonomic symptoms in migraineurs predicts a positive response to triptans, probably owing to intense trigeminal peripheral afferent activation which strongly recruits peripheral neurovascular 5-HT1B/1D receptors. Acute and preventive pharmacological trials in migraine should focus also on this subset of migraine patients.",
"These results highlight points of divergence from the American College of Cardiology (ACC)/ American Heart Association (AHA)/European Society of Cardiology (ESC) guidelines for the management of AF in terms of first-line drug selection in patients with associated SHD or coronary artery disease.",
"This study suggests that intravitreal injection of bevacizumab is valuable in the treatment of NVG by hastening the resolution of neovascularization, while the full-field ERG results indicate that bevacizumab may reduce the photoreceptor function in NVG patients.",
"Partial use of formula diet was much more effective in reducing body weight, and also in improving coronary risk factors than conventional diet in part due to reduced body weight through decreased energy diet intake and due to dietary composition of the formula diet.",
"The pharmacological test with the use of high-resolution rhythmocardiography for the analysis of cardiac rhythm variability associated with peripheral vegetative regulation of the synoatrial node was applied to study effects of a single dose of organic nitrates (nitroglycerin and mononitrate isosorbide) in 41 patients with unstable angina. Rhythmocardiograms were obtained before and after a morning sublingual dose of nitrates preceding intake of basal drugs. The results suggest negative action of nitrates on peripheral vegetative regulation of pacemaker activity of the synoatrial node.",
"OnabotulinumtoxinA and topiramate demonstrated similar efficacy in the prophylactic treatment of CM. Patients receiving onabotulinumtoxinA had fewer AEs and discontinuations.",
"Season had no effect on mortality or LOS following aortic dissection repair, while patient age significantly increased the odds of death. The full-moon cycle appeared to reduce the odds of death, and the full-moon cycle, along with being male and requiring a concomitant cardiac procedure, was associated with shorter LOS.",
"In patients with AMI/stroke, the diagnostic workup including screening for colorectal cancer should follow that of the general population.",
"Two hundred twenty-five SCD children have been enrolled in a study assessing the tolerability of hydroxyurea treatment. Mean age at inclusion was 9.2+/-4.4 years, median duration of treatment was 3.8 years. Ten and 75 patients have been treated respectively for more than 10 and 5 years. No severe side effect was related to hydroxyurea treatment, which was discontinued in 81 children mainly for treatment failure (30 cases) or non-compliance (17 cases). Treatment was also withdrawn in 5 of 6 children who had developed hypersplenism, in 3 because of a pathological transcranial Doppler, and in 2 after a stroke.",
"Patients in the Stroke Prevention Trial for Sickle Cell Anemia Study who received CTX had improved height and weight and BMI over a 2-year period. Higher hemoglobin levels resulting from transfusion may improve growth by lowering energy expenditure. In addition to the prevention of vasoocclusive events, CTX results in significant improvement in the growth of children with sickle cell disease.",
"The study findings provide evidence of the clinical impact of the interaction between pharmacogenetic variability and environmental factors on ADRs induced by anti-TB drug therapy. Predictive pharmacogenetic testing and a comprehensive clinical history would therefore be helpful for identification and careful monitoring of patients at high risk of this complication.",
"Although artesunate is clearly superior, parenteral quinine is still used widely for the treatment of severe malaria. A loading-dose regimen has been recommended for 30 years but is still often not used. A population pharmacokinetic study was conducted with 75 Tanzanian children aged 4 months to 8 years with severe malaria who received quinine intramuscularly; 69 patients received a loading dose of 20 mg quinine dihydrochloride (salt)/kg of body weight. Twenty-one patients had plasma quinine concentrations detectable at baseline. A zero-order absorption model with one-compartment disposition pharmacokinetics described the data adequately. Body weight was the only significant covariate and was implemented as an allometric function on clearance and volume parameters. Population pharmacokinetic parameter estimates (and percent relative standard errors [%RSE]) of elimination clearance, central volume of distribution, and duration of zero-order absorption were 0.977 liters/h (6.50%), 16.7 liters (6.39%), and 1.42 h (21.5%), respectively, for a typical patient weighing 11 kg. Quinine exposure was reduced at lower body weights after standard weight-based dosing; there was 18% less exposure over 24 h in patients weighing 5 kg than in those weighing 25 kg. Maximum plasma concentrations after the loading dose were unaffected by body weight. There was no evidence of dose-related drug toxicity with the loading dosing regimen. Intramuscular quinine is rapidly and reliably absorbed in children with severe falciparum malaria. Based on these pharmacokinetic data, a loading dose of 20 mg salt/kg is recommended, provided that no loading dose was administered within 24 h and no routine dose was administered within 12 h of admission. (This study has been registered with Current Controlled Trials under registration number ISRCTN 50258054.).",
"The rifapentine regimen was safe but not significantly more active than a standard rifampin regimen, by the surrogate endpoint of culture status at completion of intensive phase. Assessment of higher exposures to rifapentine for tuberculosis treatment is warranted.",
"Laparoscopic adrenalectomy is safe, effective, and decreases hospital stay and wound complications. Prior abdominal surgery is not a contraindication. Pheochromocytomas can be resected safely laparoscopically despite blood pressure variations. Venous thrombosis prophylaxis is mandatory. The laparoscopic approach is the procedure of choice for adrenalectomy except in the case of invasive carcinoma or masses > 15 cm.",
"Systematic screening and treatment of asymptomatic carriers at the community level did not reduce clinical malaria incidence in the subsequent transmission season, indicating greater levels of parasite clearance are required to achieve a sustained impact in this setting.",
"Cardiac complications are common in cyanide poisoning in fire survivors.",
"Despite the first observation in human experimental malaria infection of a significant association between vaccine-induced in vitro growth inhibitory activity and in vivo parasite multiplication rate, this did not translate into any observable clinically relevant vaccine effect in this small group of volunteers.",
"Though early BCG did not reduce infant mortality significantly, it may have a beneficial effect in the neonatal period. This could be important for public health because BCG is often delayed in low-income countries.",
"To evaluate the sustainability of market-based community distribution of micronutrient powders (Sprinkles(®), Hexagon Nutrition, Mumbai, India.) among pre-school children in Kenya, we conducted in August 2010 a follow-up survey, 18 months after study-related marketing and household monitoring ended. We surveyed 849 children aged 6-35 months randomly selected from 60 study villages. Nutritional biomarkers were measured by fingerstick; demographic characteristics, Sprinkles purchases and use were assessed through household questionnaires. We compared Sprinkles use, marketing efforts and biomarker levels with the data from surveys conducted in March 2007, March 2008 and March 2009. We used logistic regression to evaluate associations between marketing activities and Sprinkles use in the 2010 survey. At the 2010 follow-up, 21.9% of children used Sprinkles in the previous 7 days, compared with 64.9% in 2008 (P < 0.001). Average intake was 3.2 sachets week(-1) in 2008, 1.6 sachets week(-1) in 2009 and 1.1 sachets week(-1) in 2010 (P < 0.001). Factors associated with recent Sprinkles use in 2010 included young age [6-23 months vs. 24-35 months, adjusted odds ratio (aOR) = 1.5, P = 0.02], lowest 2 quintiles of socio-economic status (aOR = 1.7, P = 0.004), household attendance at trainings or launches (aOR = 2.8, P < 0.001) and ever receiving promotional items including free Sprinkles, calendars, cups and t-shirts (aOR = 1.7, P = 0.04). In 2010, there was increased prevalence of anaemia and malaria (P < 0.001), but not iron deficiency (P = 0.44), compared with that in 2008. Sprinkles use in 2010 was associated with decreased iron deficiency (P = 0.03). Sprinkles coverage reduced after stopping household monitoring and reducing marketing activities. Continued promotion and monitoring of Sprinkles usage may be important components to sustain the programme.",
"The HERO study is the first large, multinational and long-term registry with the LBAP. This study will provide real-world outcomes data on LAGB that will help inform patient choice, clinician treatment strategies, and payer reimbursement decisions.",
"The annualized rate of the primary end point during treatment was 1.50% with warfarin (median time in the therapeutic range, 68.4%), as compared with 1.18% with high-dose edoxaban (hazard ratio, 0.79; 97.5% confidence interval [CI], 0.63 to 0.99; P<0.001 for noninferiority) and 1.61% with low-dose edoxaban (hazard ratio, 1.07; 97.5% CI, 0.87 to 1.31; P=0.005 for noninferiority). In the intention-to-treat analysis, there was a trend favoring high-dose edoxaban versus warfarin (hazard ratio, 0.87; 97.5% CI, 0.73 to 1.04; P=0.08) and an unfavorable trend with low-dose edoxaban versus warfarin (hazard ratio, 1.13; 97.5% CI, 0.96 to 1.34; P=0.10). The annualized rate of major bleeding was 3.43% with warfarin versus 2.75% with high-dose edoxaban (hazard ratio, 0.80; 95% CI, 0.71 to 0.91; P<0.001) and 1.61% with low-dose edoxaban (hazard ratio, 0.47; 95% CI, 0.41 to 0.55; P<0.001). The corresponding annualized rates of death from cardiovascular causes were 3.17% versus 2.74% (hazard ratio, 0.86; 95% CI, 0.77 to 0.97; P=0.01), and 2.71% (hazard ratio, 0.85; 95% CI, 0.76 to 0.96; P=0.008), and the corresponding rates of the key secondary end point (a composite of stroke, systemic embolism, or death from cardiovascular causes) were 4.43% versus 3.85% (hazard ratio, 0.87; 95% CI, 0.78 to 0.96; P=0.005), and 4.23% (hazard ratio, 0.95; 95% CI, 0.86 to 1.05; P=0.32).",
"The Multicenter Study of Hydroxyurea in Sickle Cell Anemia (MSH) was a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial to test whether hydroxyurea could reduce the rate of painful crises in adults who had at least 3 painful crises per year. Because hydroxyurea is known to be carcinogenic, mutagenic, and teratogenic in animals, a major inclusion criterion in MSH was the use of contraceptives both by females and males in order to avoid exposure of the fetus to hydroxyurea. Despite this precautionary measure, some women became pregnant while taking hydroxyurea or their male partners were on hydroxyurea. We followed surviving patients who were enrolled in the original MSH trial for up to 17 years postrandomization. Our findings suggest that exposure of the fetus to hydroxyurea does not cause teratogenic changes in those pregnancies that terminate in live birth whether full-term or premature. This seems to be true whether the parent taking hydroxyurea was the mother or the father. The same argument seems to apply for exposure to opioids. However, it will take a much longer follow-up of many more hydroxyurea-exposed sickle cell disease subjects to establish the results conclusively.",
"Catheter ablation is more efficacious than AADs for preventing VPB recurrence in patients with frequent VPBs originating from the RVOT. QS morphology in lead I was associated with better outcome after ablation.",
"Caution is needed in anticoagulation treatment of acute cardioembolic stroke patients with a large infarct, previous hemorrhagic stroke, low platelet count, or a high hsCRP level.",
"The major pathology in sickle cell anaemia (SCA) is sickling of red cells due to the precipitation of reduced haemoglobin. We report our experience with extract of Cajanus cajan as a possible antisickling agent by determining changes, if any, in clinical and laboratory features of the disease in patients given the extract in a single-blind placebo-controlled study. One hundred patients with steady-state SCA were randomized into treatment and placebo arms. The extract/placebo were administered twice daily to the subjects. Weight, hepatosplenomegaly, blood levels of biliurubin, urea, creatinine, and packed cell volume (PCV) were monitored over a 6-month period. Recall episodes of pain 6 months before enrolment were compared with episodes of pains recorded during the treatment period. Twenty-six cases (55.3 per cent) had hepatomegaly on enrolment. This significantly reduced to 33.3 per cent at 6 months (p = 0.03); but increased in the placebo arm (p > 0.05). The total number of recall painful episodes in cases was 207 (mean 4.4 +/- 10.3 (SD), range 0-60) and fell to 191 (mean 4.2 +/- 4.4 (SD), range 0-16); p = 0.03. Episodes of pain increased from 109 in controls (mean 2.6 +/- 5.0 (SD), range 0-26) to 164 (mean 3.9 +/- 4.3 (SD), range 0-22); p = 0.01. Mean PCV in the cases showed no appreciable changes (p = 0.1) but there was a significant increase in the controls (p = 0.02). In conclusion, the extract may cause a reduction of painful crises and may ameliorate the adverse effects of sickle cell anaemia on the liver. The mechanism of action remains to be determined.",
"The author(s) have no proprietary or commercial interest in any materials discussed in this article.",
"null",
"VIP feature reduces VP both in patients with SND and with intermittent heart block regardless of the lead positions in the right atria and the ventricle.",
"The in-hospital management of patients on warfarin undergoing coronary stent implantation (PCI-S) is variable, and the in-hospital outcome incompletely defined. To determine the adherence to the current recommendations, and the incidence of adverse events, we carried out the prospective, multicenter, observational WARfarin and coronary STENTing (WAR-STENT) registry (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT00722319). All consecutive patients on warfarin undergoing PCI-S at 37 Italian centers were enrolled and followed for 12 months. Outcome measures were: major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), including cardiovascular death, non-fatal myocardial infarction, need for urgent revascularization, stroke, and venous thromboembolism, and major and minor bleeding. In this paper, we report the in-hospital findings. Out of the 411 patients enrolled, 92% were at non-low (ie, moderate or high) thromboembolic risk. The radial approach and bare-metal stents were used in 61% and 60% of cases, respectively. Drug-eluting stents were essentially reserved to patients with diabetes, which in turn, significantly predicted the implantation of drug-eluting stents (odds ratio [OR], 2.02; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.29-3.17; P=.002). The in-hospital MACE and major bleeding rates were 2.7% and 2.1%, respectively. At discharge, triple therapy (TT) of warfarin, aspirin, and clopidogrel was prescribed to 76% of patients. Prescription of TT was significantly more frequent in the non-low thromboembolic risk group. Non-low thromboembolic risk, in turn, was a significant predictor of TT prescription (OR, 11.2; 95% CI, 4.83-26.3; P<.0001). In conclusion, real-world warfarin patients undergoing PCI-S are largely managed according to the current recommendations. As a consequence, the risk of in-hospital MACE and major bleedings appears limited and acceptable.",
"Health education and health promotion programs must address the knowledge gaps about children's illnesses and advocate appropriate health-seeking behaviours. Issues around quality of care in government centres and affordability in the private health sector must be addressed in order to improve health service utilization.",
"In early postoperative period, effective orifice areas and pressure gradients were found higher in stentless valve group.",
"In order to investigate the plausible association of migraine recurrence with anxiety and depressive symptoms, a multicentre, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover clinical trial was conducted using sumatriptan as a vehicle drug. Migraineurs were randomly assigned to receive either 50 mg sumatriptan or placebo for three consecutive migraine attacks, and then cross over to the other treatment for three more migraine attacks. The primary measurements were the observed rate of migraine recurrence in relation to (i) patient's mood condition, measured by the Hamilton rating scales for depression and anxiety and (ii) patient's general health and functioning measured by the Symptom Checklist (SCL)-90-R. Migraine recurrence was defined as any migrainous headache that occurred within 24 h post treatment, only when pain free at 2 h was achieved. The analysis of efficacy was performed on 376 migraine attacks treated with sumatriptan and 373 attacks treated with placebo. Recurrence ratio was 14.1% and 5.1%, respectively (P = 0.045). The number needed to treat for pain free at 2 h post dose was 5.4. Recurrence was not affected by Hamilton scores for depression or anxiety, SCL-90-R scores or treatment. Apparently, depressive or anxiety symptoms do not influence headache recurrence in acute pharmaceutical migraine treatment, but further investigation is required.",
"The excess of events at EOS was likely because of a period of inadequate anticoagulation in rivaroxaban participants switched to vitamin K antagonist therapy. If transition from rivaroxaban to vitamin K antagonist is needed, timely monitoring and careful dosing should be used to ensure consistent and adequate anticoagulation.",
"Bimatoprost once daily was similarly effective in reducing IOP compared with latanoprost once daily in subjects with chronic PACG. Both drugs were well tolerated with mild ocular adverse events.",
"It is important to take into account a number of known ways to assess whether the DA is hemodynamically significant and therefore should be closed medically or surgically and according to this study, a parameter to requiring its closure is an index ID DA/BSA with a value > 14.",
"The AFib Ablation Pilot Study provides crucial information on AF ablation in clinical practice across Europe. These data are relevant for further improvement of the management strategies of patients suffering from atrial fibrillation.",
"Thrombocytopenia is often regarded as a risk factor for bleeding complications in patients undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). The risk of mild to moderate baseline and acquired thrombocytopenia on bleeding and thrombotic or thromboembolic complications in patients with atrial fibrillation on oral anticoagulation therapy undergoing PCI, however, remains largely unknown. Management of Patients With Atrial Fibrillation undergoing Coronary Artery Stenting is a multicenter European prospective registry enrolling patients with atrial fibrillation undergoing PCI. We assessed the rate of bleeding complications as defined by Bleeding Academic Research Consortium and a composite of major adverse cardiac and cerebrovascular events (MACCE) including all-cause mortality, myocardial infarction, transient ischemic attack or stroke, stent thrombosis, systemic arterial embolism, or revascularization; and a composite of any harmful event (Bleeding Academic Research Consortium and MACCE) at 12-month follow-up in 861 consecutive patients undergoing PCI. Patients were divided into those with mild to moderate baseline thrombocytopenia (platelet count <150 × 10⁹/L; n = 99) and control group (platelet count >150 × 10⁹/L; n = 762). At hospital discharge, thrombocytopenia had no effect on prescribed antithrombotic treatment, and triple therapy (vitamin K antagonist + aspirin + clopidogrel) was the most common combination in both patient groups (69% vs 73%, p = 0.40). No differences in all-cause mortality (12% vs 11%, p = 0.79), MACCE (23% vs 22%, p = 0.87), or bleeding complications (23% vs 19%, p = 0.26) were detected. Acquired in-hospital thrombocytopenia occurred in 9.7% of patients, and it was associated with similar risk of adverse outcomes compared with control group. In conclusion, mild to moderate baseline thrombocytopenia does not seem to have a clinically significant effect on bleeding or thrombotic or thromboembolic complications after PCI in these frail patients receiving multiple antithrombotic drugs.",
"Single-dose atovaquone-proguanil provides effective malaria chemoprophylaxis against P. falciparum challenge at dosing intervals supportive of weekly dosing. Postexposure prophylaxis 4 days after challenge was 100% effective.",
"Although this study was limited by its observational design, our results show that the fixed combination of bimatoprost 0.03%/timolol 0.5% was effective, well tolerated, and safe in a broad patient population.",
"In addition to vaso-occlusion by sickled erythrocytes, the pathophysiology of sickle cell disease (SCD) is compounded by the diminished bioavailability of nitric oxide (NO), associated with vasoconstriction, endothelial activation and cell adhesion. We tested the ability of sodium nitrite, which can be converted to NO by deoxyhaemoglobin at acid pH and low oxygen tension, to improve blood flow in patients with SCD. In a phase I/II clinical trial, sodium nitroprusside, NG-monomethyl-L-arginine, and sodium nitrite were infused sequentially into the brachial artery in 14 patients at steady state. In a dose-dependent manner, sodium nitrite infusion rates of 0.4, 4 and 40 micromol/min into the brachial artery augmented mean venous plasma nitrite concentrations (P < 0.0001) and stimulated forearm blood flow up to 77 +/- 11% above baseline (P < 0.0001), measured by venous occlusion strain gauge plethysmography. This nitrite response was blunted significantly compared to controls without SCD, as previously seen with other NO donors. Sodium nitrite infusions were well tolerated without hypotension, clinically significant methaemoglobinaemia or other untoward events. The unique pharmacological properties of nitrite as a hypoxia-potentiated vasodilator and cytoprotective agent in the setting of ischaemia-reperfusion injury make this anion a plausible NO donor for future clinical trials in SCD.",
"Atrial fibrillation (AF) has been associated with worse outcomes after primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) for acute myocardial infarction. The aim of this study was to evaluate the incidence and impact of new-onset AF after primary PCI in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarctions from the Harmonizing Outcomes With Revascularization and Stents in Acute Myocardial Infarction (HORIZONS-AMI) trial. HORIZONS-AMI was a large-scale, multicenter, international, randomized trial comparing different antithrombotic regimens and stents during primary PCI in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarctions. Three-year ischemic and bleeding end points were compared between patients with and without new-onset AF after PCI. Of the 3,602 patients included in the HORIZONS-AMI study, 3,281 (91.1%) with sinus rhythm at initial presentation had primary PCI as their primary management strategy. Of these, new-onset AF developed in 147 (4.5%). Compared with patients without AF after PCI, patients with new-onset AF had higher 3-year rates of net adverse clinical events (46.5% vs 25.7%, p <0.0001), mortality (11.9% vs 6.3%, p = 0.01), reinfarction (16.4% vs 7.0%, p <0.0001), stroke (5.8% vs 1.5%, p <0.0001), and major bleeding (20.9% vs 8.2%, p <0.0001). By multivariate analysis, new-onset AF after PCI was a powerful independent predictor of net adverse clinical events (hazard ratio 1.74, 95% confidence interval 1.30 to 2.34, p = 0.0002) and major adverse cardiac events (hazard ratio 1.73, 95% confidence interval 1.27 to 2.36) at 3 years. In conclusion, new-onset AF after PCI for ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction was associated with markedly higher rates of adverse events and mortality.",
"Georgetown University IRB # 2006-481",
"In some BS patients, calcium channel blockade may modify the electrical characteristics of VF.",
"Almost one third of patients receiving enoxaparin had anti-Xa levels out of the therapeutic range. We need more studies to determine the clinical relevance of these findings.",
"Primary aldosteronism (PA), a common cause of high blood pressure (BP), induces left ventricular (LV) hypertrophy and an excess rate of cardiovascular events. Whether its treatment provides long-term cure of hypertension and regression of cardiovascular damage remains uncertain. To the aim of assessing the effect of treatment of PA on BP and LV changes, we prospectively recruited 323 patients in a long-term follow-up study entailing serial echocardiography evaluations. Of them, 180 had PA and were assigned to either adrenalectomy (n=110) or medical therapy (n=70) on the basis of the adrenal vein sampling. The remaining 143 were consecutive optimally treated primary hypertensive patients. At baseline, the PA patients had more inappropriate LV mass than PH patients (27.1% versus 16.2%; P=0.020), despite similar BP values. At a median follow-up of 36 months (range, 6-225), BP was lowered (P<0.0001 versus baseline) to similar values in adrenalectomized (135±15/83±9 mm Hg), medically treated PA (133±11/83±7 mm Hg), and PH (139±15/86±9 mm Hg) patients. To this end, the adrenalectomized patients required significantly less drugs than the other groups. In PA patients, the LV mass index and the rate of LV hypertrophy fell through LV inward remodeling to the level of optimally treated PH patients, indicating that the LV work markedly decreased. Findings were similar when long-term (≥5 and ≥10 years) data were examined. Thus, an early diagnosis and a specific treatment of PA warrant normalization of BP and reversal of detrimental LV changes at long term.",
"PCI as compared with CABG was associated with significantly higher risk for serious adverse events in TVD patients.",
"Insulin aspart (IAsp) has been used in patients for more than a decade. A plethora of data is available, from clinical trials, to document its efficacy and safety and suggest that IAsp is a favorable choice to be used in a basal-bolus regimen. The A1chieve@ was a non-interventional study that explored the safety and effectiveness of initiating or switching to insulin analogues in routine clinical practice in more than 60,000 patients from 28 different countries. In this manuscript, we discuss the findings from the subgroup of the Indian cohort who were treated with insulin aspart (IAsp), in addition to a basal insulin analogue (insulin detemir, IDet). In a cohort of 343, who were on IAsp + IDet, 175 (51%) were insulin naive and 168 (49%) had been on insulin therapy earlier. Glycaemic parameters were high at baseline. Mean HbA1c was 9.3% in them and was comparable in both insulin naive and insulin experienced groups. After 24 weeks of therapy with IAsp + basal insulin, there were reductions in HbA1c in both the insulin naive group, (-1.6) and insulin experienced group (-1.5). Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and postprandial plasma glucose (PPG) levels were also reduced significantly from baseline (-77 and - 110 mg/dL, respectively, p < 0.001). Overall, hypoglycaemia decreased from 0.97 (baseline) to 0.18 events/patient years (24 weeks). There was also an increase in quality of life score as evaluated by EQ-5D questionnaire. Addition of IAsp with a basal insulin in patients with poor glycaemic control leads to an improvement in glycaemic profile with no major hypoglycaemia or clinically significant weight gain along with an improvement in the quality of life in patients with type 2 diabetes.",
"The 5-year MACE rate was insignificantly different, but the cardiac mortality was higher after DES versus BMS implantation in patients with STEMI. Stent thrombosis was the main cause of late cardiac deaths.",
"This is the first randomized, placebo-controlled trial to evaluate the efficacy of medical treatment in reducing VF deterioration in OAG. The baseline characteristics for eligible patients and eyes from this cohort are presented and compared with those of previous trials. The baseline characteristics are similar to those of the largely population-based Early Manifest Glaucoma Trial. The early stage of the glaucoma and relatively low IOP at diagnosis suggest remarkably sensitive case findings by community optometrists in the United Kingdom.",
"The REgistry on Cardiac rhythm disORDers assessing the control of Atrial Fibrillation (RecordAF) is the first worldwide, 1-year observational, longitudinal study of the management of paroxysmal/persistent atrial fibrillation (AF) in recently diagnosed patients. The study was conducted at 532 sites in 21 countries across Europe, America, and Asia; recruitment was completed in April 2008. The primary objectives were to prospectively assess the therapeutic success and clinical outcomes in rhythm- and rate-control strategies. The study design and patient baseline data are reported. A total of 5,814 patients with AF were registered, and 5,604 were eligible for evaluation. Rhythm- and rate-control strategies were applied to 55% and 45% of patients, respectively, at study inclusion. Rhythm-control patients mainly received class III agents (45%) or beta blockers (51%), except for sotalol, and rate-control patients mainly received beta blockers (72%), except for sotalol, or cardiac glycosides (34%). Patients receiving a rhythm-control strategy were younger, had a lower resting heart rate, were more frequently symptomatic, and were more likely to have recently diagnosed AF or paroxysmal AF compared to patients receiving a rate-control strategy. A rate-control strategy was more common in patients with a history of heart failure or valvular heart disease and persistent AF. Rate-control patients more often had previous electrocardiographic evidence of AF and were not in sinus rhythm at inclusion (p <0.01 for both end points). Patients were followed at 6 and 12 months, and changes in therapeutic strategy and clinical outcomes were recorded. In conclusion, the RecordAF study results will provide a global perspective on current AF treatment strategies.",
"Majority of AF patients with GERD and/or IBS have triggered AF and a positive vagal response during RFA. RFA is equally effective in this patient population when compared to those without GERD or IBS.",
"These data support earlier observations of migraine-obesity association among women, and extend the literature to include evidence of adult weight gain among women with a history of pediatric migraine.",
"Intravenous Sodium Valproate (iVPA) seems to be safe and rapidly effective for intractable migraine attack. Randomized, double-blinded, controlled studies are warranted.",
"Provision of a long-lasting insecticide-treated bed net and water filter was associated with a delay in CD4 cell count decline and may be a simple, practical and cost-effective strategy to delay HIV-1 progression in many resource-limited settings.",
"The evening-dosed latanoprost-timolol fixed combination may provide better IOP control than timolol alone over 24 hours and may demonstrate a narrower range of IOP fluctuation in patients with primary open-angle glaucoma.",
"OCT imaging indicated that advanced neoatherosclerosis with neointimal rupture and thrombosis was the most common mechanism of definite VLST and was associated with a high frequency of ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction.",
"Based on Attack 1 data, telcagepant 140 mg and 280 mg were significantly (p < .001) more effective than placebo for 2-hour pain freedom, 2-hour pain relief, 2-hour absence of migraine-associated symptoms (phonophobia, photophobia, nausea), and 2-24 hours sustained pain freedom. The percentage of patients with 2-hour pain freedom consistency and 2-hour pain relief consistency was significantly (p < .001) higher for both telcagepant treatment sequences versus control. Adverse events within 48 hours for telcagepant with an incidence ≥ 2% and twice that of placebo were somnolence (placebo = 2.3%, 140 mg = 5.9%, 280 mg = 5.7%) and vomiting (placebo = 1.4%, 140 mg = 1.0%, 280 mg = 2.9%).",
"Vitamin K antagonists (VKA) therapy is increasingly used in elderly for prevention of venous thromboembolism (VTE) and of stroke in atrial fibrillation (AF). Glomerular filtration rate (GFR), usually estimated from different equations, decreases progressively with age and it is a risk factor for bleeding. In the frame of the EPICA study, a multicentre prospective observational study including 4,093 patients ≥80 years naïve to VKA treated for AF or after VTE, we performed this ancillary study to evaluate the prevalence of chronic kidney diseases (CKD) by estimated GFR (eGFR). Incidence of bleedings was recorded and bleeding risk was evaluated in relation to eGFR calculated by Cockroft-Gault (C-G); Modification of Diet in Renal Disease (MDRD) and Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology Collaboration (CKD-EPI) formulas. In addition, the agreement among the three eGFR formulas was evaluated. We recorded 179 major bleedings (rate 1.87 x100 patient-years [py]), 26 fatal (rate 0.27 x100 py). Moderate CKD was detected in 69.3%, 59.3% and 47.0% and severe CKD in 5.8%, 7.4% and 10.0% of cases by C-G, MDRD and CKD-EPI, respectively. Bleeding risk was higher in patients with severe CKD irrespective of the applied equation. This study confirms that CKD represents an independent risk factor for bleeding and that a wide proportion of elderly on VKA had severe or moderate CKD, suggesting the need for frequent monitoring. Although the different available equations yield different eGFR, all appear to similarly predict the risk of major bleeding.",
"In patients with PAF and PersAF after failed initial CA, SA is superior to CA for maintenance of sinus rhythm, although serious adverse event rate is significantly higher for SA.",
"These phase I trials showed that clinically, ferroquine was generally well-tolerated up to 1,600 mg as single dose and up to 800 mg as repeated dose in asymptomatic young male with P. falciparum infection. Further clinical development of ferroquine, either alone or in combination with another anti-malarial, is highly warranted and currently underway.",
"Although there is no agreement on the optimal treatment of patients presenting with a first episode of primary spontaneous pneumothorax, the majority of physicians prefer chest tube drainage for air evacuation. Manual aspiration of air has been proposed by some, but lack of sound comparative data and safety data has limited its use. In this first randomized, prospective, multicenter pilot study, 60 patients with a first episode of primary spontaneous pneumothorax were randomly allocated to manual aspiration (n = 27) or chest tube drainage (n = 33). Immediate success was obtained in 16 out of 27 (59.3%) in the manual aspiration group, and in 21 out of 33 (63.6%) in the chest tube drainage group (p = 0.9). One-week success rates were 25 out of 27 (93%) in the intention-to-treat manual aspiration group and 28 out of 33 (85%) in the chest tube drainage group (p = 0.4). Fourteen of 27 manual aspiration patients (52%) were hospitalized, versus 100% of the chest tube drainage patients (p < 0.0001). Recurrence rates with at least 1-year follow-up were 7 out of 26 (26%) in the manual aspiration group, and 9 out of 33 (27.3%) in the chest tube drainage group (p = 0.9). There were no complications associated with manual aspiration. Although statistical power is insufficient to formally confirm therapeutic equality, this pilot study suggests that in first episodes of primary spontaneous pneumothorax, manual aspiration seems equally effective as chest tube drainage and is safe, well tolerated, and feasible as an outpatient procedure in the majority of patients.",
"The efficacy and safety of a 2-year treatment with deferasirox was evaluated in 31 patients with sickle cell anemia and transfusional iron overload. At 24 months, there were significant decreases from baseline in mean serum ferritin (from 2,344.6 to 1,986.3 µg/l; p = 0.040) and in mean liver iron concentration (from 13.0 ± 5.4 to 9.3 ± 5.7 mg Fe/g dry weight; p < 0.001). Myocardial T2* values were normal (>20 ms) in all patients at baseline and did not change significantly over the course of the study. However, there was a significant improvement from baseline in left ventricular ejection fraction at 24 months (62.2-64.6%; p = 0.02). Deferasirox was generally well tolerated with no progressive increases in serum creatinine or renal failure observed. These data confirm that deferasirox is effective in reducing body iron burden in patients with sickle cell anemia and transfusional iron overload.",
"In most countries with large drug resistant tuberculosis epidemics, only those cases that are at highest risk of having MDRTB receive a drug sensitivity test (DST) at the time of diagnosis. Because of this prioritized testing, identification of MDRTB transmission hotspots in communities where TB cases do not receive DST is challenging, as any observed aggregation of MDRTB may reflect systematic differences in how testing is distributed in communities. We introduce a new disease mapping method, which estimates this missing information through probability-weighted locations, to identify geographic areas of increased risk of MDRTB transmission. We apply this method to routinely collected data from two districts in Lima, Peru over three consecutive years. This method identifies an area in the eastern part of Lima where previously untreated cases have increased risk of MDRTB. This may indicate an area of increased transmission of drug resistant disease, a finding that may otherwise have been missed by routine analysis of programmatic data. The risk of MDR among retreatment cases is also highest in these probable transmission hotspots, though a high level of MDR among retreatment cases is present throughout the study area. Identifying potential multidrug resistant tuberculosis (MDRTB) transmission hotspots may allow for targeted investigation and deployment of resources.",
"The ZEUS trial aims to assess whether the use of E-ZES, followed by a DAPT duration regimen based on patients' characteristics and not by stent type, is superior to conventional BMS implantation in undefined DES recipients who qualify for the presence of high thrombosis, bleeding, or low restenosis risk criteria.",
"The difference between DCT and GAT IOP measurements is found to be statistically significantly higher in patients receiving CAIs either as monotherapy or as a part of a combined ocular hypotensive treatment, while DCT and GAT readings remain unaffected. The type of diagnosis and the number of ocular hypotensive medications had no statistically significant influence on ΔIOP.",
"Systemic pre-PCI PTX3 was associated with high-risk plaque components and impaired post-PCI myocardial perfusion. Thus, PTX3 may be a reliable predictor of outcome in STEMI patients.",
"Intensive statin therapy is a central component of secondary prevention after acute myocardial infarction (AMI), particularly among high-risk patients, such as those with diabetes mellitus (DM). However, the frequency and predictors of intensive statin therapy use after AMI among patients with DM have not been described. We examined patterns of intensive statin therapy use (defined as a statin with expected low-density lipoprotein cholesterol lowering of >50%) at discharge among patients with AMI with known DM enrolled in a 24-site US registry. Predictors of intensive statin therapy use were evaluated using multivariable hierarchical Poisson regression models. Among 1,300 patients with DM after AMI, 22% were prescribed intensive statin therapy at hospital discharge. In multivariable models, ST-elevation AMI (risk ratio [RR] 1.48, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.29 to 1.70), insurance for medications (RR 1.28, 95% CI 1.00 to 1.63), and higher low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (RR 1.05 per 1 mg/dl, 95% CI 1.02 to 1.07) were independent predictors of intensive statin therapy, whereas higher Global Registry of Acute Coronary Events scores were associated with lower rates of intensive statin therapy (RR 0.94 per 10 points, 95% CI 0.91 to 0.98). In conclusion, only 1 in 5 patients with DM was prescribed intensive statin therapy at discharge after an AMI. Predictors of intensive statin therapy use suggest important opportunities to improve quality of care in this patient population.",
"For the heart, there was little inter-observer variation in the estimated dose, especially when guidelines were used. In contrast, for the LADCA there was substantial variation in the estimated dose, which was not reduced with guidelines.",
"Ablation can eliminate neighboring and remote areas of slow conduction, suggesting that channels within scar are frequently interconnected. This is the first mechanistic demonstration to show that ablation can modify electrical activity in regions of scar outside of the known radius of an radiofrequency lesion. The targeting of relatively earlier LPs can expedite scar homogenization without the need for extensive ablation of all LPs.",
"Flow characteristics in the ascending aorta after AVR are different from native aortic valves and differ between various types of AVR.",
"A 1-day ACT-ED workshop targeting psychological flexibility may convey benefit for patients with comorbid migraine and depression.These pilot study findings merit further investigation using a more rigorously designed large-scale trial.",
"Using a novel positron emission tomography (PET) method with oral administration of 14(R,S)-[¹⁸F]-fluoro-6-thia-heptadecanoic acid (¹⁸FTHA), we recently demonstrated that subjects with impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) display an impairment in cardiac function associated with increased myocardial uptake of dietary fatty acids. Here, we determined whether modest weight loss induced by lifestyle changes might improve these cardiac metabolic and functional abnormalities. Nine participants with IGT, enrolled in a one-year lifestyle intervention trial, were invited to undergo determination of organ-specific postprandial dietary fatty acids partition using the oral ¹⁸FTHA method, and cardiac function and oxidative metabolic index using PET [¹¹C]acetate kinetics with ECG-gated PET ventriculography before and after the intervention. The intervention resulted in significant weight loss and reduction of waist circumference, with reduced postprandial plasma glucose, insulin, and triglycerides excursion. We observed a significant increase in stroke volume, cardiac output, and left ventricular ejection fraction associated with reduced myocardial oxidative metabolic index and fractional dietary fatty acid uptake. Modest weight loss corrects the exaggerated myocardial channeling of dietary fatty acids and improves myocardial energy substrate metabolism and function in IGT subjects.",
"Differential sequential pacing of the RV septum reliably distinguishes retrograde atrioventricular nodal conduction from AP conduction.",
"In a large, multicenter acute myocardial infarction cohort, statin therapy was begun in nearly 90% of patients during hospitalization, with no variability across sites; however, rates of statin intensification and maximization were low and varied substantially across hospitals. Given that more intense statin therapy is associated with better outcomes, changing the existing performance measures to include the intensity of statin therapy may improve care.",
"The SKILL Card demonstrated vision function changes in diabetes even in the absence of clinically evident retinopathy. Diabetic retinopathy led to a further increase in the SKILL score, while high-contrast VA remained unchanged.",
"Although, several reports have detailed that hydroxyurea can ameliorate the clinical course of adult and pediatric patients with sickle cell anemia (Hb S or beta(S)), few clinical studies have been carried out in patients with beta(S)/beta-thalassemia. In a two-year clinical study, we evaluated the efficacy of hydroxyurea in a group of 22 adult Sicilian patients with beta(S)/beta-thalassemia with severe phenotypes. Among the 20 patients evaluated during 2 years of treatment, we observed a very good clinical response with a 93% reduction of the annual number of crises (median 7 versus 0.5 crises per year; P < 0.001) and of days in hospital (mean 22+/- 21.9 versus 1.2 +/- 2.3; P < 0.001), a significant increase in Hb F (7.5 +/- 5.3% versus 25.2 +/- 5.2%; P < 0.001) and in MCV (73.1 +/- 4.8 fL versus 96.4 +/- 7.2 fL; P < 0.001), and no significant modifications in Hb (9.6 +/- 1.3 g/dL versus 10.0 +/- 1.5 g/dL; P > 0.05) and in WBC (11.4 +/- 3.9 x 10(9)/L versus 10.2 +/- 3.9 x 10(9)/L; P > 0.05). Twelve patients had no crises from the first month of treatment; 16 patients showed a 2-3-fold increase over baseline in Hb F. During the study no severe complications and no important side effects of hydroxyurea were observed. Our data suggest that hydroxyurea efficacy in patients with beta(S)/beta-thalassemial may be greater than that described in patients with sickle cell disease. This pattern and durability of response will need to be confirmed in a larger, randomized, clinical trial.",
"Botulinum toxin type A prophylactic therapy markedly decreased costs related to acute headache medication use in patients with chronic migraine and triptan overuse.",
"null",
"At 4 years, the rates of target lesion failure (15.2% vs. 14.6%, p = 0.68), cardiac death (5.4% vs. 4.7%, p = 0.44), and target vessel myocardial infarction (5.3% vs. 5.4%, p = 1.00), clinically-indicated target lesion revascularization (TLR) (7.0% vs. 6.5%, p = 0.62), and definite/probable stent thrombosis (2.3% vs. 1.6%, p = 0.23) were similar with the R-ZES and EES. Independent predictors of TLR were age, insulin-treated diabetes, SYNTAX (Synergy between PCI with Taxus and Cardiac Surgery) score, treatment of saphenous vein grafts, ostial lesions, and in-stent restenosis. Independent predictors of any revascularization were age, diabetes, previous percutaneous coronary intervention, absence of ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction, smaller reference vessel diameter, SYNTAX score, and treatment of left anterior descending, right coronary artery, saphenous vein grafts, ostial lesions, or in-stent restenosis.",
"Video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS) has been suggested as the most appropriate choice for spontaneous pneumothorax. Thirty-two patients (30 males, two females, age range from 16 to 42) with primary spontaneous pneumothorax (PSP) are reported. All had mechanical pleurodesis with Marlex mesh. Blebs or bullae could be identified in 24 patients (75%). All bullae over 2 cm were either excised (11 patients) or ligated (five patients). The median operating time was 45 min. There was minimal postoperative discomfort and the median postoperative hospital stay was 4 days. There was one minor wound infection and one recurrence (mean follow up of 11 months). It is concluded that VATS is a quick, safe and effective approach for the treatment of PSP. Long-term results will better define its true merit in thoracic surgery.",
"Continuous digital measurement of AL reduces degree of variability of AL score, gives more assurance for tube removal, and reports AL without the apprehension of observer error. Efficiency and effectiveness improved with the use of a digital device. We have noted that the AL curves depict actually sealing of AL. The clinical importance of AL curves requires further study.",
"Protein microarrays provide a high-throughput platform that enables the profiling of serum antibodies to a large number of protein antigens. The value of AAb biomarkers in diagnosis, prognosis and treatment is well recognized in autoimmune diseases including T1D. We performed a systematic screening for new T1D-associated autoantigens by adapting the innovative protein array platform NAPPA. We believe that the discovery in this study will add information on candidate autoantigens that could potentially improve the diagnosis and help uncover the pathophysiology of T1D. The successful use of NAPPA for T1D AAb profiling will open the window for larger studies including more human antigen genes and other autoimmune diseases.",
"At 12 months, the mean LVESVI among surviving patients was 54.6±25.0 ml per square meter of body-surface area in the repair group and 60.7±31.5 ml per square meter in the replacement group (mean change from baseline, -6.6 and -6.8 ml per square meter, respectively). The rate of death was 14.3% in the repair group and 17.6% in the replacement group (hazard ratio with repair, 0.79; 95% confidence interval, 0.42 to 1.47; P=0.45 by the log-rank test). There was no significant between-group difference in LVESVI after adjustment for death (z score, 1.33; P=0.18). The rate of moderate or severe recurrence of mitral regurgitation at 12 months was higher in the repair group than in the replacement group (32.6% vs. 2.3%, P<0.001). There were no significant between-group differences in the rate of a composite of major adverse cardiac or cerebrovascular events, in functional status, or in quality of life at 12 months.",
"Canagliflozin improved glycaemic control, reduced body weight, and was generally well tolerated in T2DM patients on metformin plus sulphonylurea over 52 weeks.",
"Aggressively managing low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) after myocardial infarction (MI) is a cornerstone of secondary prevention. The changes in LDL-C after MI and the factors associated with LDL-C levels are unknown. Therefore, we directly measured fasting LDL-C levels in 797 MI patients from 24 US hospitals from 2005 to 2008. Mean LDL-C levels at discharge, 1 month, and 6 months were 95.1, 81.9, and 87.1 mg/dL, respectively. In a hierarchical, multivariable, repeated measures model, older age, male sex, and hypertension were associated with lower LDL-C levels, whereas self-reported avoidance of health care because of cost was associated with higher LDL-C. Both the presence and intensity of statin therapy at discharge were strongly associated with LDL-C levels, with adjusted mean 6-month changes of -3.4 mg/dL (95% confidence interval (CI): -12.1, 5.3) for no statins; 1.7 mg/dL (95% CI: -4.7, 8.1) for low statins; -10.2 mg/dL (95% CI: -14.5, -6.0) for moderate statins; and -13.9 mg/dL (95% CI: -19.7, -8.0) for intensive statins (P < 0.001). In conclusion, we found that greater reductions in LDL-C levels after MI were strongly associated with the presence and intensity of statin therapy, older age, male sex, hypertension, and better socioeconomic status. These findings support the use of intensive statin therapy in post-MI patients and provide estimates of the expected LDL-C changes after MI in a real-world population.",
"The aim of this Phase I/IIa double-blind controlled trial was to test the efficacy of the sporozoite-based malaria vaccine PfCS 282-383 (PfCS102) to protect against Plasmodium falciparum parasitaemia. 16 volunteers were randomized to receive twice 30 μg of PfCS102 formulated in Montanide ISA 720 or ISA 720 alone (control). Two weeks after 2nd immunization, volunteers were challenged using 5 infected mosquitoes. All vaccinees developed antibodies against PfCS102 versus none control. 8/8 vaccinees and 6/6 controls challenged developed malaria parasitaemia. The duration from infection to onset of patent parasitaemia was similar in both groups (214 h in vaccinees and 216 in controls). PfCS102 is safe and immunogenic but provides no protection against artificial challenge in its current formulation.",
"Lower RV mass and smaller RV volumes were associated with an increased risk of dyspnea in men, but not in women.",
"Collectively, the estimated direct annual medical cost of diabetes care in Saudi Arabia would be enormous. The current study offers more insight into the economic burden of diabetes on the country.",
"null",
"In CRT-D patients, there is no benefit of nonapical RV lead location in clinical outcome or echocardiographic response. Moreover, nonapical RV lead location is associated with an increased risk of ventricular tachyarrhythmias, particularly in the first year after device implantation.",
"In ADAPT-DES, the largest study of IVUS use to date, IVUS guidance was associated with a reduction in stent thrombosis, myocardial infarction, and major adverse cardiac events within 1 year after DES implantation.",
"In this trial, nearly three quarters of patients reported headache recurrence within 48 hours of ED discharge. Naproxen 500 mg and sumatriptan 100 mg taken orally relieve post-ED recurrent primary headache and migraine comparably. Clinicians should be guided by medication costs, contraindications, and a patient's previous experience with the medication.",
"RT3DTEE is a feasible technique for the analysis of vegetation morphology and size that may overcome the shortcoming of 2DTEE, leading to a better prediction of the embolism risk in patients with infective endocarditis.",
"Short-term intensive insulin therapy (IIT) can improve pancreatic β-cell function when administered early in the course of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, the degree of improvement in response to this therapy varies between patients. Thus, we sought to characterize the determinants of improvement in β-cell function in response to short-term IIT in early T2DM. Sixty-three patients with mean 3.0 ± 2.1 yr duration of T2DM and Hb A1c of 6.8 ± 0.8% underwent 4 wk of IIT consisting of basal insulin detemir and premeal insulin aspart, with oral glucose tolerance test administered at baseline and 1 day post-IIT. β-Cell function before and after IIT was assessed by Insulin Secretion Sensitivity Index-2 (ISSI-2). Reversibility of β-cell dysfunction was defined as percentage change in ISSI-2 of ≥25%. Overall, the study population experienced an increase in ISSI-2 from baseline to post-IIT (P = 0.01), with one-third of participants achieving ≥25% improvement in ISSI-2. Compared with their peers, those with increases in ISSI-2 of ≥25% had greater decrements in fasting glucose (P < 0.0001), Hb A1c (P = 0.001), ALT (P = 0.04), AST (P = 0.02), and HOMA-IR (P < 0.0001). On logistical regression analysis, baseline Hb A1c (OR = 2.83, 95% CI 1.16-6.88, P = 0.02) and change in HOMA-IR (OR = 0.008, 95%CI 0.0004-0.16, P = 0.001) emerged as independent predictors of reversibility of β-cell dysfunction. Indeed, reversibility of β-cell dysfunction was achieved in only those participants in whom IIT yielded an improvement in HOMA-IR. In conclusion, decline in HOMA-IR may be a key determinant of improvement of β-cell function in response to short-term IIT, suggesting a fundamental contribution of insulin resistance to the reversible component of β-cell dysfunction in early T2DM.",
"Carbachol induces headache in healthy subjects, but the migraine eliciting effect of carbachol has not previously been studied. We hypothesized that the cholinomimetic agonist carbachol would induce headache and migraine-like attacks in migraineurs. Carbachol (3 µg/kg) or placebo was randomly infused into 18 patients with migraine without aura in a double-blind crossover study. Headache was scored on a verbal rating scale from 0 to 10. Velocity in the middle cerebral artery (V(MCA)) and diameter of the superficial temporal artery (STA) were recorded. Fifteen patients experienced headache after carbachol compared with eight after placebo (P = 0.039). There was no difference in incidence of migraine-like attacks after carbachol (n = 8) compared with placebo (n = 6) (P = 0.687). Carbachol caused a decrease in V(MCA) (P = 0.044), but no change in STA (P = 0.089) compared with placebo. The study demonstrated that carbachol provocation is not a good model for experimental migraine.",
"Neither group had mortality or major complications. However, statistical analysis of the 2 groups demonstrated significant differences (p < 0.001) in minor adverse events (32 vs. 7), quantity of blood transfused, duration of the procedure, median hospital stay, median intensive care unit stay, median hospitalization cost, and median blood loss. During a median follow-up of 2 years, the left ventricular end-diastolic dimension of both groups returned to normal and there was no difference in closure rate, adverse events, and complications between groups.",
"The use of the Proview Eye Pressure Monitor use did not improve but appeared to hinder compliance with glaucoma treatment in this study.",
"null",
"AH promotes more advanced AF forms occurrence. Combined hypotensive therapy with minimum 3 drugs, including RAA inhibitors, may be effective in terms of BP control and reduction of arrhythmia episodes.",
"Chloroquine (CQ) is still the drug of choice for the treatment of vivax malaria in Ethiopia, whereas artemether-lumefantrine (AL) is for falciparum malaria. In this setting, clinical malaria cases are treated with AL. This necessitated the need to assess the effectiveness of AL for the treatment of Plasmodium vivax with CQ as a comparator. A total of 57 (80.3%) and 75 (85.2%) cases treated with CQ or AL, respectively, completed the study in an outpatient setting. At the end of the follow-up period of 28 days, a cumulative incidence of treatment failure of 7.5% (95% confidence interval [CI] = 2.9-18.9%) for CQ and 19% (95% CI = 11-31.6%) for AL was detected. CQ resistance was confirmed in three of five CQ treatment failures cases. The effectiveness of AL seems lower than CQ; however, the findings were not conclusive, because the AL evening doses were not supervised.",
"The findings suggest that the presence of CRM devices should not delay or result in cancellation of clinically indicated CT imaging procedures, and provide evidence that would be helpful when the FDA advisory is re-evaluated.",
"We evaluated the efficacy and effectiveness of mefloquine (MQ) plus artesunate (AS) to treat patients with uncomplicated malaria in the Peruvian Amazon Basin in April 2005-March 2006. Patients ≥ 1 year of age with fever (axillary temperature ≥ 37.5°C) or history of fever and Plasmodium falciparum monoinfection were included. Patients received antimalarial treatment with MQ (12.5 mg/kg/day for two days) and AS (4.0 mg/kg/day for three days) either by directly observed therapy or without directly observed therapy. After a 28-day follow-up, treatment efficacy and effectiveness were assessed on the basis of clinical and parasitologic outcomes. Ninety-six patients were enrolled in each study group; nine patients were lost to follow-up. All patients, except for one in the observed group, demonstrated adequate clinical and parasitologic response; none had detectable parasitemia on day 3. The efficacy of MQ + AS efficacy was 98.9% (95% confidence interval = 94.1-100.0%) and the effectiveness was 100.0% (95% confidence interval = 95.9-100.0%). Our study shows that MQ + AS is highly efficacious in the Peruvian Amazon.",
"Because alcohol septal ablation (ASA) for the treatment of symptomatic hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HC) with left ventricular (LV) outflow tract (LVOT) obstruction results in a myocardial infarct of up to 10% of ventricular mass, LV systolic function could decline over time. We evaluated LV function during longitudinal follow-up in a cohort of patients who underwent ASA. We studied 145 consecutive patients with HC that underwent 167 ASA procedures from 2002 to 2011. Echocardiographic follow-up was available in 139 patients (96%). Echocardiographic indexes included LV ejection fraction (LVEF), mitral regurgitation severity, systolic anterior motion of the anterior mitral leaflet, and resting and provoked LVOT gradients. All patients had a baseline LVEF of >55%. LVEF was preserved in 97.1% of patients over a mean follow-up time of 3.1±2.3 years (maximum 9.7). Mild LV systolic dysfunction was observed (LVEF range 44% to 54%) in only 4 patients. Mitral regurgitation severity improved in 67% (n=112 of 138 with complete data). Resting LVOT gradient declined from a mean of 75 to 19 mm Hg (p<0.001), and provoked gradient declined from a mean of 101 to 33 mm Hg (p<0.001). New York Heart Association class improved from a mean of 2.9±0.4 to 1.3±0.5 (p<0.001). In conclusion, LV systolic function is only mildly reduced in a minority of patients after ASA for symptomatic HC; other echocardiographic and functional measures were significantly improved.",
"This study provides more evidence that ART has to be initiated before the last trimester of pregnancy to achieve an undetectable pVL before delivery. In Benin, new recommendations supporting early initiation were well implemented and, together with a high antenatal care attendance, led to high rate of virologic control.",
"PET scanning for pheochromocytoma offers improved quality and resolution over current diagnostic approaches. PET may significantly influence the clinical management of patients with a suspicion of these tumors and warrants further investigation.",
"LBBB increases risk in HF patients with heart rates ≥70 b.p.m. in sinus rhythm, unmodulated by heart rate. Ivabradine was safe in LBBB. Its effect was directionally similar to that in patients without LBBB, but did not reach statistical significance, possibly due to lack of power to test this effect because of the small number of LBBB patients.",
"1. Evaluation of plasma VEGF, angiogenin, IL-6, IL-8, and hsCRP levels and the number of CD34+ cells at different time points in patients with STEMI did not allow predicting the direction of changes in LVEF and WMSI. 2. Observed significant correlations between hsCRP level and LVEF and WMSI may suggest a harmful effect of inflammation on postinfarction myocardial remodelling. 3. A significant negative correlation between the number of CD34+ and WMSI suggests that increased mobilisation of these cells might have a beneficial effect on systolic function after MI.",
"Soft pleural catheters are an acceptable alternative to traditional stiff chest tubes in the pediatric population. Premature dislodgment was the most common problem. Prospective audits are extremely valuable in assessing new procedural protocols and practice changes.",
"Despite recent therapeutic advances, significant residual risk for in-hospital mortality persists among patients admitted with acute myocardial infarction (MI). Low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), a known independent predictor of increased cardiovascular events, may be an important modulator of heightened risk after acute MI. We evaluated admission HDL-C levels among 98,276 patients with non-ST elevation myocardial infarction with acute MI from the Acute Coronary Treatment and Intervention Outcomes Network Registry-Get With the Guidelines (ACTION Registry-GWTG) program who were enrolled from 490 United States hospitals from January 2007 to December 2010. Clinical characteristics, treatments, atherosclerotic burden, and in-hospital outcomes were analyzed by quartiles of admission HDL-C (Q1: 10 to 30 mg/dl; Q2: 30.1 to 36.9 mg/dl; Q3: 37 to 45 mg/dl; and Q4: 45.1 to 100 mg/dl). Logistic regression was used to explore the relation among HDL-C quartiles, coronary artery disease severity, and in-hospital mortality. Almost half of the patients with acute MI had low admission levels of HDL-C (less than the median 36.9 mg/dl). Such patients were younger, more often men, white, obese, diabetic, smokers, and had higher rates of previous cardiovascular events. After multivariate adjustment, patients with low HDL-C levels had greater extent of severe angiographic multivessel coronary narrowings and higher mortality. Among the 26% of patients in the lowest HDL-C quartile (≤30 mg/dl), there was a 16% greater risk of in-hospital mortality compared with patients in the highest HDL-C quartile (p = 0.012). In conclusion, low levels of HDL-C were common in patients admitted with acute MI and were associated with more extensive angiographic coronary disease. Very low levels of admission HDL-C were observed in one-quarter of patients and associated with significantly higher in-hospital mortality.",
"Of 411 STEMI patients (March 11, 2012 to November 21, 2012), 101 patients (mean age, 60 years; 69% male) were randomized (52 to the deferred stenting group, 49 to the immediate stenting). The median (interquartile range [IQR]) time to the second procedure in the deferred stenting group was 9 h (IQR: 6 to 12 h). Fewer patients in the deferred stenting group had no-/slow-reflow (14 [29%] vs. 3 [6%]; p = 0.006), no reflow (7 [14%] vs. 1 [2%]; p = 0.052) and intraprocedural thrombotic events (16 [33%] vs. 5 [10%]; p = 0.010). Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction coronary flow grades at the end of PCI were higher in the deferred stenting group (p = 0.018). Recurrent STEMI occurred in 2 patients in the deferred stenting group before the second procedure. Myocardial salvage index at 6 months was greater in the deferred stenting group (68 [IQR: 54% to 82%] vs. 56 [IQR: 31% to 72%]; p = 0.031].",
"This study aimed to examine practice patterns in the inpatient medical treatment of newborns and infants with supraventricular tachycardia (SVT) using the Pediatric Health Information System (PHIS) database, a large, multi-institutional administrative database. A retrospective examination of pediatric hospital discharge data was performed during the study period from January 2003 to September 2008. Data were extracted from the index hospitalization of all individuals younger than 1 year with the principal discharge diagnosis of SVT. Those with coexisting congenital or acquired structural heart disease were excluded from the study. The analysis included 171 patients. No deaths occurred, and 95 % of the infants were discharged to home. More than half (53 %) of the patients spent a portion of their hospital stay in an intensive care unit (ICU) setting. Multidrug therapy was common, with 45 % of the patients receiving two or more antiarrhythmic agents on the day of discharge. The five most commonly used antiarrhythmic drugs, in order of decreasing frequency of use, were propranolol, digoxin, amiodarone, flecainide, and sotalol. The median hospital stay for the group was 4 days, and this value increased as a function of the number of antiarrhythmic drugs used (median, 7 days for three or more agents) and the need for intensive care (median, 6 days). The information provided in this study helps to define common practice patterns and should allow caregivers to provide meaningful expectations to families regarding their potential treatment course and to anticipate the hospital length of stay.",
"A multifaceted intervention significantly increased adherence with glaucoma medications. Those with improved adherence were in the intervention group, had very low adherence rates at baseline, and were white. IOP did not correlate with adherence. Further research is needed to determine which components of this intervention were most effective.",
"Remote ischemic preconditioning during propofol anesthesia did not evoke either signal transducer and activator of transcription 5 activation or cardioprotection, implying interaction of propofol with cardioprotective signaling upstream of signal transducer and activator of transcription 5.",
"ENB can be used as a stand-alone bronchoscopic technique without compromising diagnostic yield or increasing the risk of pneumothorax. This may result in sizable timesaving and avoids radiation exposure.",
"Bayesian mixed treatment comparisons of a network of connected randomized trials with repeated measurements of the primary categorical outcome allowed to take into account both the individual- and between- studies sources of heterogeneity. The results of the present study complete the previous quantitative review based on a binary outcome at a fixed time point, suggesting that DHPP represents an alternative for the treatment of uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria in Cameroonian children.",
"The addition of dorzolamide to timolol monotherapy decreases IOP and increases retinal blood flow in the superficial retinal vasculature in both glaucomatous and healthy patients following 8 months of treatment. The combination of increased retinal blood flow with consistent oxygen saturation may potentially increase oxygen delivery to the retina.",
"Allele-specific vaccine efficacy was not sustained in the second malaria season, despite continued high levels of anti-AMA1 antibodies. This study presents an opportunity to evaluate correlates of partial protection against clinical malaria that waned during the second malaria season.",
"The clinical, regulatory and research environment for modern efficacy trials of new TB vaccines are substantially different to that when BCG vaccine was first evaluated in infants. Future infant TB vaccine trials will need to allocate sufficient resources and optimise operational efficiency. A stringent TB case definition is necessary to maximize specificity, and TB case accrual must be monitored closely.",
"The biphasic culture medium developed in this study is low-cost and suitable for mycobacterial recovery. It does not require any expensive detection instrumentation, decreases the time required for detection of M. tuberculosis complex, and increases the detection rate of M. tuberculosis complex.",
"Cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death in postmenopausal women. While diet and lifestyle remain the cornerstones of prevention, a low-fat/high-carbohydrate diet is associated with hyperglycemia and hyperlipemia-atherosclerotic risk factors affected by postprandial conditions. The objective of this study was to examine the acute response of lipids and insulin to a low-fat/high-carbohydrate meal with either a high-glycemic or a low-glycemic index in healthy postmenopausal women. Fifteen healthy postmenopausal women were enrolled in a randomized crossover dietary intervention study. Levels of glucose, triglyceride, free fatty acids (FFAs), and insulin were measured preprandially and for 240 minutes after consumption of the test meals. In response to the high-glycemic compared with the low-glycemic index meal, postprandial insulin levels had a higher peak (65.4 vs 48.1 microU/mL, respectively), the homeostasis model assessment-insulin resistance (HOMA-IR) was significantly higher (P=.014), serum triglyceride levels declined significantly (P<.001), and there was a small reduction in FFA levels, although the difference did not reach statistical significance. The results suggest a postprandial impact of glycemic index on cardiovascular metabolic biomarkers in postmenopausal women and may have implications for dietary glycemic modification of cardiovascular risk in women.",
"null",
"Islet transplantation results in improved insulin sensitivity mediated by effects at both the liver and skeletal muscle. Modern dosing of glucocorticoid-free immunosuppression with low-dose tacrolimus and sirolimus does not induce insulin resistance in this population.",
"Our results strongly suggest that the ocular rigidity is increased in patients with established glaucoma in comparison to control subjects. Ocular rigidity could play a role in the pathogenesis and pathophysiology of glaucoma. Determination of ocular rigidity could be helpful in detection of glaucoma.",
"Xenin-25 (Xen) is a neurotensin-related peptide secreted by a subset of glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP)-producing enteroendocrine cells. In animals, Xen regulates gastrointestinal function and glucose homeostasis, typically by initiating neural relays. However, little is known about Xen action in humans. This study determines whether exogenously administered Xen modulates gastric emptying and/or insulin secretion rates (ISRs) following meal ingestion. Fasted subjects with normal (NGT) or impaired (IGT) glucose tolerance and Type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM; n = 10-14 per group) ingested a liquid mixed meal plus acetaminophen (ACM; to assess gastric emptying) at time zero. On separate occasions, a primed-constant intravenous infusion of vehicle or Xen at 4 (Lo-Xen) or 12 (Hi-Xen) pmol · kg(-1) · min(-1) was administered from zero until 300 min. Some subjects with NGT received 30- and 90-min Hi-Xen infusions. Plasma ACM, glucose, insulin, C-peptide, glucagon, Xen, GIP, and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) levels were measured and ISRs calculated. Areas under the curves were compared for treatment effects. Infusion with Hi-Xen, but not Lo-Xen, similarly delayed gastric emptying and reduced postprandial glucose levels in all groups. Infusions for 90 or 300 min, but not 30 min, were equally effective. Hi-Xen reduced plasma GLP-1, but not GIP, levels without altering the insulin secretory response to glucose. Intense staining for Xen receptors was detected on PGP9.5-positive nerve fibers in the longitudinal muscle of the human stomach. Thus Xen reduces gastric emptying in humans with and without T2DM, probably via a neural relay. Moreover, endogenous GLP-1 may not be a major enhancer of insulin secretion in healthy humans under physiological conditions.",
"The study investigated the diagnostic utility of a routine electroencephalogram (EEG) to help identify seizure as the underlying etiology of the index event in patients referred with a diagnosis of migraine and not otherwise specified (NOS) headache disorders. A total of 50 patients yielded 50 routine EEGs (headache NOS, n = 32; migraine n = 18). Overall, there were 37 (74%) normal EEGs and 13 (26%) abnormal. Routine EEGs are mostly normal in young patients (18-40 years of age) who are referred to our laboratory with a diagnosis of headache NOS or migraine.",
"The use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors represents a novel approach for improving cardiovascular repair after acute myocardial infarction in T2DM patients.",
"ChAd63-MVA is a safe and highly immunogenic delivery platform for both alleles of the AMA1 antigen in humans which warrants further efficacy testing. ChAd63-MVA is a promising heterologous prime-boost vaccine strategy that could be applied to numerous other diseases where strong cellular and humoral immune responses are required for protection.",
"Hydroxyurea treatment reduces PS expression on the surface of erythrocytes and platelets, thus contributing to the favorable effects of this therapy.",
"The success rate of VF induction using DC fibber method is significantly higher than either Shock-on-T or burst fibber induction methods for patients on chronic amiodarone therapy. This may facilitate defibrillation threshold testing in such patients.",
"In this long-term, multicenter, observational study, the Freestyle stentless aortic root bioprosthesis offered good clinical outcomes in terms of survival, freedom from valve-related mortality, freedom from reoperation, and freedom from structural valve deterioration. The Freestyle valve is a viable option for use in patients undergoing bioprosthetic aortic valve replacement and for anticipated desire for long-term durability.",
"We found that EUPES was inferior to SES during the 2-year follow-up with respect to rates of MACE and TLR that were significantly higher in the EUPES than in the SES group.",
"This is a first of many phase 1 study of Ultratrace Iobenguane I-131 (Ultratrace 131I-MIBG; Molecular Insight Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Cambridge, MA). High-specific-activity Ultratrace 131I-MIBG may provide improved efficacy and tolerability over carrier-added 131I-MIBG. We investigated the pharmacokinetics (PK), radiation dosimetry, and clinical safety in 11 patients with confirmed pheochromocytoma/paraganglioma (Pheo) or carcinoid tumors. A single 5.0-mCi (185 MBq) injection of Ultratrace 131I-MIBG, supplemented with 185 microg of unlabeled MIBG to simulate the amount of MIBG anticipated in a therapeutic dose, was administered. Over 120 hours postdose, blood and urine were collected for PK, and sequential whole-body planar imaging was performed. Patients were followed for adverse events for 2 weeks. Ultratrace 131I-MIBG is rapidly cleared from the blood and excreted in urine (80.3% +/- 2.8% of dose at 120 hours). For a therapeutic administration of 500 mCi (18.5 GBq), our estimate of the projected dose is 1.4 Gy for marrow and 10.4 Gy for kidneys. Safety results showed 12 mild adverse events, all considered unrelated to study drug, in 8 of 11 patients. These findings support the further development of Ultratrace 131I-MIBG for the treatment of neuroendocrine tumors, such as metastatic Pheo and carcinoid.",
"The purpose of this study is to investigate the specific quality of life of patients with diabetes mellitus. It is a cross-sectional study, which was conducted from August 2-28, 2012 in two basic health units, in the interior of São Paulo. A convenience sample, made up of 75 patients, 18 years old or older, both sexes, in a group of self-monitoring of blood glucose, was used. The Diabetes 39 (D-39) Instrument Evaluation, containing five dimensions: energy and mobility (15 items), diabetes control (12), anxiety and worry (4) social overload (5) and sexual behavior (3), was used. Quality of life proved to be highly affected in the items related to the social overload dimension, embarrassment for having diabetes, being called diabetic and diabetes interfering with family life. The elucidation of the assessed factors contributes to the planning of educational programs, insofar as they may hinder the achievement of metabolic control in patients with diabetes.",
"During ablation of AFL, directly targeting muscle bundles in the CTI as guided by the highest electrograms is more efficient than making a linear lesion across the entire CTI, since using the former approach needed less RF application, shorter fluoroscopy and procedure times than using the latter. The max electrogram-guided approach may be recommended for routine clinical use to replace the conventional linear ablation approach.",
"A role for vitamin A in host defense against Mycobacterium tuberculosis has been suggested through epidemiological and in vitro studies; however, the mechanism is unclear. In this study, we demonstrate that vitamin A-triggered antimicrobial activity against M. tuberculosis requires expression of NPC2. Comparison of monocytes stimulated with all-trans retinoic acid (ATRA) or 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D3 (1,25D3), the biologically active forms of vitamin A and vitamin D, respectively, indicates that ATRA and 1,25D3 induce mechanistically distinct antimicrobial activities. Stimulation of primary human monocytes with ATRA did not result in expression of the antimicrobial peptide cathelicidin, which is required for 1,25D3 antimicrobial activity. In contrast, ATRA triggered a reduction in the total cellular cholesterol concentration, whereas 1,25D3 did not. Blocking ATRA-induced cellular cholesterol reduction inhibits antimicrobial activity as well. Bioinformatic analysis of ATRA- and 1,25D3-induced gene profiles suggests that NPC2 is a key gene in ATRA-induced cholesterol regulation. Knockdown experiments demonstrate that ATRA-mediated decrease in total cellular cholesterol content and increase in lysosomal acidification are both dependent upon expression of NPC2. Expression of NPC2 was lower in caseous tuberculosis granulomas and M. tuberculosis-infected monocytes compared with normal lung and uninfected cells, respectively. Loss of NPC2 expression ablated ATRA-induced antimicrobial activity. Taken together, these results suggest that the vitamin A-mediated antimicrobial mechanism against M. tuberculosis requires NPC2-dependent expression and function, indicating a key role for cellular cholesterol regulation in the innate immune response.",
"The International Headache Society (IHS) criteria-based questionnaires were given to 647 college-going females (faculty and students) of selected universities in Lahore, Pakistan. Forty five (7%) were diagnosed with Migraine with Aura (MWA), 181 (28%) with Migraine without Aura (MWOA) and 421 (65%) as NMH (non-migrainous headache). We found 'Photophobia and Phonophobia' as the most common headache-associated symptoms, and 'Stress' and lack of sleep' as the most commonly reported triggers of MWA (44%) and MWOA (38%). Most common headache management practice amongst migraineurs was 'sleep' [MWA (35%) and MWOA (39%)]. This is the first paper which elucidates the symptomatology, risk factors and treatment modalities of migraineurs in Pakistan.",
"The aim of the present study was to determine the impact of various pleurodesis procedures on post-operative morbidity and late recurrence rate after surgical treatment of Vanderschueren's stage III primary spontaneous pneumothorax. Between January 2001 and June 2004, 208 consecutive patients (169 male and 39 female; mean (range) age 25 (12-39) yrs) were submitted to 220 video-assisted thoracoscopic surgical procedures for primary spontaneous pneumothorax. All patients underwent apical lung resection; 112 were assigned at random to mechanical pleural abrasion (group A) and 108 to apical pleurectomy (group B). The two groups of patients showed similar characteristics. No intra- or post-operative deaths occurred. Post-operative morbidity was 6.25% for group A and 12.9% for group B; the two groups exhibited a similar persistent post-operative air leak rate (5.3% in group A and 5.5% in group B), whereas haemothorax was significantly more frequent after apical pleurectomy (eight (7.4%) cases) than after pleural abrasion (one (0.9%) case). The mean duration of follow-up was 46 (24-66) months. Late recurrence occurred in five cases (4.6%) after apical pleurectomy, and in seven (6.2%) after mechanical pleural abrasion. Mechanical pleural abrasion by video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery is safer than apical pleurectomy in the treatment of primary spontaneous pneumothorax. No differences in late recurrence rate were observed between the two procedures.",
"Cardiac function and arterial biophysical properties were altered in the SGA infants. The findings complement the information on the association between in utero growth and cardiovascular morbidity in later life.",
"Vernakalant did not restore sinus rhythm in patients with AFL. Vernakalant modestly slowed AFL and ventricular response rates, and was well tolerated.",
"The change in IOP of one eye due to a medication may be predictive of the subsequent response of the fellow eye to the same medication in glaucoma suspects, but not in patients with POAG. Using the fellow eye as a control may confer a more accurate portrayal of the true therapeutic effects of a medicine, although further study is needed to support both of these findings.",
"Early extubation was not associated with a significant change from baseline in ductal and pulmonary flow in extremely preterm infants.",
"The prevalence of traditional risk factors was low and the infarctions were predominantly located in posterior circulation territory, supporting theories of migraine specific mechanisms. The outcome was in general favorable.",
"Intramyocardial delivery of bone marrow stem-cells together with laser therapy is a safe procedure, with improvement in quality of life during follow-up. One year after the procedure, myocardial regions where BMLR was performed tended to demonstrate stronger myocardial thickening observed in cardiac magnetic resonance imaging.",
"In Tomsk Oblast, Russia, tuberculosis patients with severe alcohol use disorders who were not seeking alcohol treatment did not respond to naltrexone or behavioral counselling integrated into tuberculosis care; however, those patients with past attempts to quit drinking had improved tuberculosis outcomes.",
"Latanoprost is safe and equally effective to a fixed combination of dorzolamide and timolol in the treatment of uveitic glaucoma.",
"Belief and expectation are part of placebo effect. Migraine patients are characterized by a dysfunctional modulation of pain processing, though a clear placebo effect emerges in clinical trials. The aim of the study was to evaluate the effect of visual and verbal suggestion on subjective pain sensation and cortical responses evoked by CO2 painful laser stimuli in migraine without aura patients vs healthy controls. Twenty-six patients were recorded during the inter-ictal phase and compared to 26 sex and age-matched controls. The right hand and the right supraorbital zone were stimulated during a not conditioned and a conditioned task, where laser stimuli were delivered after a verbal and visual cues of decreased (D), increased (I) or basal (B) intensity, which was left unmodified during the entire task. In control subjects pain rating changed, according to the announced intensity, while in migraine patients the basal hyper-algesia remained unmodified. The N1 and N2 amplitudes tended to change coherently with the stimulus cue in controls, while an opposite paradoxical increase in decreasing condition emerged in migraine. The P2 amplitude modulation was also reduced in migraine, differently from controls. The altered pattern of pain rating and N2 amplitude modulation concurred with frequency of migraine, disability and allodynia. In controls suggestion influenced cortical pain processing and subjective pain rating, while in migraine a peculiar pattern of cortical activation contrasted external cues in order to maintain the basal hyper-algesia. This scarce influence of induced suggestion on pain experience seemed to characterize patients with more severe migraine and central sensitization.",
"Improved understanding of the dose-effect relationship for TF in children and adolescents is necessary before adequate pain control can be achieved with this delivery system.",
"Vilazodone had no significant effect on cardiac repolarization, heart rate, PR or QRS interval duration, or ECG morphology in healthy adult participants.",
"By 3 years, the Norwood procedure with RVPAS compared with MBTS was no longer associated with superior transplantation-free survival. Moreover, RVPAS subjects had slightly worse right ventricular ejection fraction and underwent more catheter interventions with increasing hazard ratio over time.",
"The HFpEF patients had preserved left ventricular ejection fraction and evidence of diastolic dysfunction. Compared to both normal controls and hypertensive heart disease patients, the HFpEF patients demonstrated significantly lower longitudinal strain (LS) (-20.0 ± 2.1 and -17.07 ± 2.04 vs. -14.6 ± 3.3, respectively, p < 0.0001 for both) and circumferential strain (CS) (-27.1 ± 3.1 and -30.1 ± 3.5 vs. -22.9 ± 5.9, respectively; p < 0.0001 for both). In HFpEF, both LS and CS were related to LVEF (LS, R = -0.46; p < 0.0001; CS, R = -0.51; p < 0.0001) but not to standard echocardiographic measures of diastolic function (E' or E/E'). Lower LS was modestly associated with higher NT-proBNP, even after adjustment for 10 baseline covariates including LVEF, measures of diastolic function, and LV filling pressure (multivariable adjusted p = 0.001).",
"Among patients with paroxysmal AF who had not responded to at least 1 antiarrhythmic drug, the use of catheter ablation compared with ADT resulted in a longer time to treatment failure during the 9-month follow-up period.",
"Laparoscopic adrenalectomy is gaining popularity because of its well-documented benefits. The aim of our study was to see if a decreased intraoperative intraabdominal pressure during laparoscopic adrenalectomy would affect the hemodynamic variables and the serum levels of catecholamines. We randomly divided 9 patients into 2 groups, maintaining either an intraabdominal pressure of 15 mm Hg (group A) or 8-10 mm Hg (group B). Norepinephrine and epinephrine blood levels were measured preoperatively, during endotracheal intubation, carboperitoneum, surgical manipulation of tumor just before the ligation of the adrenal vein, and tracheal extubation; the hemodynamic variables were recorded. The introduction of carboperitoneum resulted in an increase in heart rate and mean arterial blood pressure (MAP), although it was statistically insignificant. The norepinephrine levels showed a statistically significant increase in group A as compared with group B (P = 0.0002). Surgical manipulation of the tumor resulted in a significant increase in MAP and norepinephrine levels in group A (P = 0.007 and P = 0.0001, respectively). The epinephrine levels did not change as much because the tumor was probably predominantly norepinephrine-secreting. Norepinephrine levels continued to be high even during tracheal extubation in group A patients (P = 0.027). We conclude that a low intraabdominal pressure of 8-10 mm Hg causes less catecholamine release and fewer hemodynamic fluctuations.",
"A 4-month course of monthly canakinumab (50 mg) produced a numerical reduction of HbA(1c) in T2DM patients on metformin, potentially by improving beta-cell function. The safety and tolerability profile of canakinumab was consistent with prior trials.",
"This is the first report of idiopathic ventricular fibrillation in young infants preceded by stereotypical transient ECG changes. These findings may represent a new, potentially treatable cause of sudden infant death. Recognition of these prodromal changes may be important in future management and survival of these infants.",
"The comprehensive auricular acupuncture reduces apparently the headache score for migraine without aura and relieves the clinical symptoms of migraine. It is the simple and effective therapy for migraine without aura.",
"With advent of transcatheter aortic valve implantation, using multislice computed tomography (MSCT) to provide detailed data about aortic root has become more crucial. We compared aortic dimension changes during cardiac cycle in patients with and without aortic valve calcification and evaluated its correlation with aortic valve calcium score in former group. Fifty-two patients with and 52 subjects without aortic valve calcification underwent coronary MSCT using two 64-slice and a dual-source 256-slice CT scanners. Aortic root dimensions were measured in both systolic and diastolic phases. Changes in annular maximum diameter (D(max)), minimum diameter (D(min)), cross sectional area and perimeter, three diameters of sinuses of Valsalva (V(a), V(b) and V(c)), sinotubular junction maximum (STJ(max)) and minimum (STJ(min)) diameters between systolic and diastolic phases (systole minus diastole) were -0.59 mm, -0.05 mm, -2.53 mm(2), -1.48 mm, +0.91 mm, +1.08 mm, +0.42 mm, +0.63 mm, +0.40 mm and in those without aortic calcification -0.33 mm, 0.00 mm, -6.92 mm(2), -0.41 mm, +0.30 mm, +0.38 mm, +0.61 mm, +0.33 mm, +0.20 mm in patients with aortic calcification, respectively. Apart from two diameters in sinuses of Valsalva (V(a) and V(b)), changes in all other diameters of aortic root during cardiac cycle were not significantly different between the two groups. Furthermore, in patients with aortic calcification, no significant correlation was detected between changes in nearly all aortic root dimensions during cardiac cycle and aortic valve calcium score or location of calcification (annular, commissural or both).",
"Duration of diabetes and advancing age independently predict diabetes morbidity and mortality rates. As long-term survivorship with diabetes increases and as the population ages, more research and public health efforts to reduce hypoglycemia will be needed to complement ongoing efforts to reduce cardiovascular and microvascular complications.",
"Patients with DCM carrying rare variants in sarcomeric genes manifest a poorer prognosis as compared to noncarriers after the age of 50 years. These data further support the role of genetic testing in DCM for risk stratification.",
"IOP reductions were observed in all treatment groups postbaseline, with no clinically relevant or statistically significant differences detected favoring any of the higher concentrations of latanoprost compared with latanoprost 50 μg/mL. All doses of latanoprost were well tolerated.",
"MS is a risk factor for the progression of glucose intolerance in renal transplant recipients in the late posttransplant period. Therefore, MS has to be considered in tandem with OGTT results to assess cardiovascular risk.",
"Innovative high-rate cutoff or delayed ICD programming was associated with a reduction in inappropriate therapy in patients with and without diabetes mellitus. Diabetes mellitus was associated with lower risk of inappropriate therapy but higher risk of appropriate therapy. Appropriate and inappropriate ICD therapy was associated with increased mortality in diabetic patients.",
"AMG145 significantly reduces Lp(a), by up to 32%, among subjects with hypercholesterolemia receiving statin therapy, offering an additional, complementary benefit beyond robust low-density lipoprotein cholesterol reduction with regard to a patient's atherogenic lipid profile.",
"Supportive interventions by nurses are needed to assist MI patients and partners return to sexual activity.",
"We found no evidence from this trial that zinc supplementation protected against malaria.",
"Incidence of catheter-related infections was studied using two techniques: changing catheters over a guide-wire or placing a new catheter at a new site every 3 days. Patients were randomized into two groups: Group 1 (new site) and Group 2 (guide-wire). Of the 105 catheterization sites (20 arterial and 85 central lines) in patients of Group 1, none were considered infected (i.e., having 15 or more colonies at the time of semi-quantitative microbiology analysis and clinical signs of infection at the catheter site). Of the 274 catheterization sites (56 arterial and 218 central) of patients of Group 2, eight (2.9%) were infected (chi 2 = 1.89, p greater than 0.05). Colonization (15 or more cultures without clinical signs of infection) occurred in three of 105 (2.9%) and in four of 274 (1.5%) of the catheterization sites of Groups 1 and 2, respectively (chi 2 = 0.23, p greater than 0.05). Study results indicate no significant difference in infection or colonization rates between the two methods of catheter replacement.",
"The DNA/Ad regimen provided the highest sterile immunity achieved against malaria following immunization with a gene-based subunit vaccine (27%). Protection was associated with cell-mediated immunity to AMA1, with CSP probably contributing. Substituting a low seroprevalence vector for Ad5 and supplementing CSP/AMA1 with additional antigens may improve protection.",
"When treatment with metformin alone is not adequate for obtaining glycemic control, the addition of sitagliptin can be considered due to its actions in preserving the β-cell function and reducing the levels of biomarkers of inflammation.",
"Echocardiography-guided left ventricular (LV) lead placement at the site of latest mechanical activation improves heart failure outcomes in patients receiving a cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillator (CRT-D). In this study, we test the hypothesis that a strategy of echocardiography-guided LV lead placement improves patient survival rate free from appropriate CRT-D therapy for ventricular arrhythmias. Patients enrolled in the prospective, randomized Speckle Tracking Assisted Resynchronization Therapy for Electrode Region trial and treated with a CRT-D device (108 with the echo-guided strategy and 75 with the routine strategy) were followed to the end point of death or first appropriate CRT-D therapy. Over a follow-up period of 3.7 ± 2.1 years, 62 patients (33%) died and 40 (22%) received appropriate CRT-D therapy. Compared with the routine group, patients in the echo-guided group had improved CRT-D therapy-free survival rate (hazard ratio = 0.64, 95% confidence interval = 0.42 to 0.98, p = 0.038). Patients randomized to the echo-guided LV lead placement were more likely to resynchronize their LV compared with the routine group (72% vs 48%, respectively, p = 0.006). Patients whose LV did resynchronize after CRT-D had improved therapy-free survival rate compared with those whose LV did not resynchronize (hazard ratio = 0.49, 95% confidence interval = 0.28 to 0.86, p = 0.012). In conclusion, a strategy of echo-guided LV lead placement improved the patient survival rate free from defibrillator therapy in CRT-D recipients.",
"Continuing co-trimoxazole prophylaxis after 96 weeks of ART was beneficial, as compared with stopping prophylaxis, with fewer hospitalizations for both malaria and infection not related to malaria. (Funded by the United Kingdom Medical Research Council and others; ARROW Current Controlled Trials number, ISRCTN24791884.).",
"Patients with pre-existing LV dysfunction demonstrate reverse remodeling and improved LV ejection fraction after percutaneous mitral valve repair.",
"There are a several published guidelines recommending treatment pathways for patients with primary spontaneous pneumothorax (PSP). Little is known about how these patients are actually treated in Australia. The aim of this study was to establish treatment patterns for Australian patients with PSP. This was a multicentre retrospective observational study conducted at 19 emergency departments across Australia of adult patients with PSP presenting in the calendar year 2005. In Australia, there is considerable deviation from published guidelines for the management of PSP. In light of the lack of high-quality evidence to assist in choosing treatment approaches, a randomized controlled trial of management strategies is recommended.",
"Leading causes were bronchiectasis and tuberculosis. While bronchoscopy during a hemoptysis episode was effective in identifying the source of the bleeding, artery embolization was more effective in stabilizing the patient both at the short and long term.",
"Early scintigraphy, that obtained 6 hours after intravenous administration of a low dose of 123I-metaiodobenzylguanidine (111 MBq) was evaluated for diagnostic efficacy. The accumulation of 123I-MIBG in the tumor masses of nine patients with pheochromocytoma and one patient with cortical adenoma were noted. The smallest pheochromocytoma visualized was 3 cm in diameter. The hepatic uptake of this radiolabeled compound was helpful to understand the anatomical position of the abnormal uptake. Three of five postoperative cases of pheochromocytoma showed uptake in the metastasis in the skeleton or recurrences in the neck or contralateral adrenal gland. No ectopic pheochromocytoma was found in the pelvic cavity. Faint accumulation in the normal medulla was noted in 45% of the cases. The present results demonstrate that superior images can be obtained in scintigrams takes 6 hours after administration of a lower dose of 123I-MIBG.",
"At clinical and supratherapeutic doses, preladenant is not associated with QTc prolongation.",
"AleCardio will establish whether the PPAR-α/γ agonist aleglitazar improves cardiovascular outcomes in patients with diabetes and high-risk coronary disease.",
"Merck Research Laboratories.",
"AF may be more common than expected in young patients with IS and is associated with increased NIHSS scores.",
"Asymptomatic AF recurrences were frequent in the GISSI-AF study population in patients who were more likely to develop persistent-permanent AF and were characterized by an increased thromboembolic risk.",
"This was an open-label, nonrandomized, 2-center study conducted to assess the influence of renal function on the pharmacokinetics of hydroxyurea in adults with sickle cell disease (SCD). Seventeen patients were divided into 5 groups: normal renal function (n = 7), mild renal impairment (n = 2), moderate renal impairment (n = 3), severe renal impairment (n = 2), and end-stage renal disease (ESRD, n = 3). Except for patients with ESRD, all the patients received a 15-mg/kg single oral dose of hydroxyurea. Patients with ESRD received a 15-mg/kg oral dose of hydroxyurea on 2 occasions. Blood and urine samples were collected for the assessment of hydroxyurea pharmacokinetics. The results indicate that the systemic exposure increases and the urinary recovery decreases as the degree of renal insufficiency worsens. On the basis of the exposure and the apparent clearance from the current and 2 historical studies, the authors have proposed an initial dosing regimen of hydroxyurea (7.5 mg/kg/day) for SCD patients with CL(cr) <60 mL/min. This dosing strategy is anticipated to provide a safe dose for SCD patients with renal impairment.",
"The findings suggest the scale is useful as a generic self-rated clinical tool for assessing self-management in a range of chronic conditions, and provides an outcome measure for comparing populations and change in patient self-management knowledge and behaviour. The authors recommend validating the scale in other Latin-American settings with more research into the effect of gender on self- management.",
"Pulmonary hypertension includes heterogeneous diagnoses with distinct hemodynamic pathophysiologic features. Identifying elevated pulmonary vascular resistance (PVR) is critical for appropriate treatment. We reviewed data from patients seen at referral pulmonary hypertension clinics who had undergone echocardiography and right-side cardiac catheterization within 1 year. We derived equations to estimate PVR using the ratio of estimated pulmonary artery (PA) systolic pressure (PASPDoppler) to right ventricular outflow tract velocity time integral (VTI). We validated these equations in a separate sample and compared them with a published model based on the ratio of the transtricuspid flow velocity to right ventricular outflow tract VTI (model 1, Abbas et al 2003). The derived models were as follows: PVR = 1.2 × (PASP/right ventricular outflow tract VTI) (model 2) and PVR = (PASP/right ventricular outflow tract VTI) + 3 if notch present (model 3). The cohort included 217 patients with mean PA pressure of 45.3 ± 11.9 mm Hg, PVR of 7.3 ± 5.0 WU, and PA wedge pressure of 14.8 ± 8.1 mm Hg. Just >1/3 had a PA wedge pressure >15 mm Hg (35.5%) and 82.0% had PVR >3 WU. Model 1 systematically underestimated catheterization estimated PVR, especially for those with high PVR. The derived models demonstrated no systematic bias. Model 3 correlated best with PVR (r = 0.80 vs r = 0.73 and r = 0.77 for models 1 and 2, respectively). Model 3 had superior discriminatory power for PVR >3 WU (area under the curve 0.946) and PVR >5 WU (area under the curve 0.924), although all models discriminated well. Model 3-estimated PVR >3 was 98.3% sensitive and 61.1% specific for PVR >3 WU (positive predictive value 93%; negative predictive value 88%). In conclusion, we present an equation to estimate the PVR, using the ratio of PASPDoppler to right ventricular outflow tract VTI and a constant designating presence of right ventricular outflow tract VTI midsystolic notching, which provides superior agreement with catheterization estimates of PVR across a wide range of values.",
"Simvastatin exerts unique properties involving enhanced fibrin clot lysis and increased clot permeability in subjects with LDL cholesterol <3.4 mmol/l, which is associated with its anti-inflammatory effects. Altered fibrin clot function might contribute to clinical benefits of statins.",
"The WHAM trial will evaluate the efficacy of a standardized behavioral weight loss intervention for reducing migraine frequency, and the extent to which weight loss and other potential mediators account for intervention effects.",
"The China PEACE-Retrospective AMI Study is the first to leverage the China PEACE platform to better understand AMI across representative sites of care and during the past decade in China. The China PEACE collaboration among government, academicians, clinicians, and hospitals is poised to translate research about trends and patterns of AMI practices and outcomes into improved care for patients.",
"Compared with generally accepted thresholds, our results indicate that treatment with dronedarone as in ATHENA is cost-effective.",
"The study concludes that currently no algorithm is deemed clearly better than others. There is scope for further algorithmic developments in LA fibrosis and scar quantification from LGE CMR images. Benchmarking of future scar segmentation algorithms is thus important. The proposed benchmarking framework is made available as open-source and new participants can evaluate their algorithms via a web-based interface.",
"Among young persons with chronic migraine, the use of CBT plus amitriptyline resulted in greater reductions in days with headache and migraine-related disability compared with use of headache education plus amitriptyline. These findings support the efficacy of CBT in the treatment of chronic migraine in children and adolescents.",
"The currently recommended doses of rifampin are believed to be at the lower end of the dose-response curve. Rifampin induces its own metabolism, although the effect of dose on the extent of autoinduction is not known. This study aimed to investigate rifampin autoinduction using a semimechanistic pharmacokinetic-enzyme turnover model. Four different structural basic models were explored to assess whether different scaling methods affected the final covariate selection procedure. Covariates were selected by using a linearized approach. The final model included the allometric scaling of oral clearance and apparent volume of distribution. Although HIV infection was associated with a 30% increase in the apparent volume of distribution, simulations demonstrated that the effect of HIV on rifampin exposure was slight. Model-based simulations showed close-to-maximum induction achieved after 450-mg daily dosing, since negligible increases in oral clearance were observed following the 600-mg/day regimen. Thus, dosing above 600 mg/day is unlikely to result in higher magnitudes of autoinduction. In a typical 55-kg male without HIV infection, the oral clearance, which was 7.76 liters · h⁻¹ at the first dose, increased 1.82- and 1.85-fold at steady state after daily dosing with 450 and 600 mg, respectively. Corresponding reductions of 41 and 42%, respectively, in the area under the concentration-versus-time curve from 0 to 24 h were estimated. The turnover of the inducible process was estimated to have a half-life of approximately 8 days in a typical patient. Assuming 5 half-lives to steady state, this corresponds to a duration of approximately 40 days to reach the induced state for rifampin autoinduction.",
"AMD may be borderline superior over NIF to facilitate defibrillation in out-of-hospital patients with cardiopulmonary arrest. However, from the view point of preservation of brain function, NIF is not inferior to AMD for CPR.",
"Clinical data from a total of 164 babies with severe respiratory distress syndrome treated with a single dose of porcine surfactant (Curosurf, 200 mg/kg body weight) were subjected to multiple regression analysis in order to identify factors influencing the response to replacement therapy. At entry all babies were being treated with artificial ventilation, requiring at least 60% oxygen; the first 77 babies were part of a controlled trial, and an additional 87 babies were treated without controls once the benefit of surfactant therapy had been established. Both series of patients showed a sustained doubling of the mean arterial/alveolar oxygen tension ratio (a/APO2) after treatment with surfactant. Mortality was only 15% in the new series of treated patients, and the number of survivors without evidence of chronic lung disease after 28 days remained twice as high as that of the control group in the randomized study (55% vs. 26%; P less than 0.001). High fraction of inspired oxygen requirement at entry had a negative impact on a/APO2 6 h and 24 h after treatment. The duration of artificial ventilation and total time in greater than 21% oxygen were lower in heavier babies, who also had a lower mortality. Male and outborn babies had a higher mortality. Perinatal asphyxia (Apgar score less than 7 at 5 min) and high airway pressure requirement at entry were associated with increased mortality. Hospital allocation had a significant impact on all dependent variables. We also analysed the incidence of complications in relation to the therapeutic response pattern.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)",
"In heart, the type 2 inositol 1,4,5-triphosphate receptor (InsP3R2) is the predominant isoform expressed and is localized in the nuclear membrane of ventricular myocytes. InsP3R2-mediated Ca(2+) release regulates hypertrophy specific gene expression by modulating CaMKIIδ, histone deacetylase, and calcineurin-NFATc signaling pathways. InsP3R2 protein is a hypertrophy specific marker and is overexpressed in heart failure animal models and in humans. However, the regulation of InsP3R2 mRNA and protein expression during cardiac hypertrophy and heart failure is not known. Here we show the transcriptional regulation of the Itpr2 gene in adult cardiomyocytes. Our data demonstrates that, InsP3R2 mRNA and protein expression is activated by hypertrophic agonists and attenuated by InsP3R inhibitors 2-aminoethoxyldiphenyl borate and xestospongin-C. The Itpr2 promoter is regulated by the calcineurin-NFATc signaling pathway. NFATc1 regulates Itpr2 gene expression by directly binding to the Itpr2 promoter. The calcineurin-NFATc mediated up-regulation of the Itpr2 promoter was attenuated by cyclosporine-A. InsP3R2 mRNA and protein expression was up-regulated in calcineurin-A transgenic mice and in human heart failure. Collectively, our data suggests that ITPR2 and hypertrophy specific gene expression is regulated, in part, by a positive feedback regulation between InsP3R2 and calcineurin-NFATc signaling pathways.",
"null",
"Renal dysfunction is related to long-term mortality and myocardial infarction after coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG). We aimed to investigate the association between preoperative renal dysfunction and early risk of stroke, myocardial infarction, or heart failure after CABG. From the Swedish Web-system for Enhancement and Development of Evidence-based care in Heart disease Evaluated According to Recommended Therapies registry, we included all 36,284 patients who underwent primary isolated CABG from 2000 to 2008 in Sweden. The Swedish National Inpatient Registry was used to obtain the primary end point, which was rehospitalization for stroke, myocardial infarction, or heart failure ≤90 days after CABG. Logistic regression models were used to estimate the risk for the primary outcome and the secondary outcome of death from any cause, while adjusting for confounders. During 90 days of follow-up, there were 2,462 cardiovascular events and 617 deaths. In total, 17% of patients developed acute kidney injury postoperatively. Odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals for cardiovascular events after adjustment for age, gender, atrial fibrillation, left ventricular ejection fraction, diabetes mellitus, peripheral vascular disease, and history of myocardial infarction, heart failure, or stroke was 1.24 (1.06 to 1.45) in patients with an estimated glomerular filtration rate of 15 to 45 ml/min/1.73 m(2) but became nonsignificant after acute kidney injury was introduced into the statistical model. The risk of death was significantly increased in patients with estimated glomerular filtration rate of 15 to 45 ml/min/1.73 m(2) (odds ratio 1.76, 95% confidence interval 1.38 to 2.25) even after adjustment for all confounders. Renal dysfunction was associated with all-cause mortality but not with cardiovascular events during the first 3 postoperative months after primary isolated CABG.",
"The patients who chose to participate in this study may be a cohort of well-controlled patients with diabetes mellitus. The type of procedure performed was determined by a clinical decision and not randomized. The different routes of administration and diagnosis of failed back surgery syndrome can result in different levels of systemic absorption, thereby influencing the degree and duration of hyperglycemia. In patients with FBSS, the epidural space may be destructed by surgery and adhesive changes in epidural space could be extensive. Therefore, we thought that the absorption of epidural space in these patients would be incomplete or slow compared with those without FBSS.",
"Penetrating cardiac wounds are relatively rare in Belgium, which is mainly due to stabs and with consequent mortality. The implementation of clear guidelines is necessary to improve survival.",
"The objective of this study is to assess patients' satisfaction with migraine treatment with frovatriptan (F) or zolmitriptan (Z), by preference questionnaire. 133 subjects with a history of migraine with or without aura (IHS criteria) were randomized to F 2.5 mg or Z 2.5 mg. The study had a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, cross-over design, with each of the two treatment periods lasting no more than 3 months. At the end of the study, patients were asked to assign preference to one of the treatments (primary endpoint). The number of pain-free (PF) and pain-relief (PR) episodes at 2 h, and number of recurrent and sustained pain-free (SPF) episodes within 48 h were the secondary study endpoints. Seventy-seven percent of patients expressed a preference. Average score of preference was 2.9 +/- 1.3 (F) versus 3.0 +/- 1.3 (Z; p = NS). Rate of PF episodes at 2 h was 26% with F and 31% with Z (p = NS). PR episodes at 2 h were 57% for F and 58% for Z (p = NS). Rate of recurrence was 21 (F) and 24% (Z; p = NS). Time to recurrence within 48 h was better for F especially between 4 and 16 h (p < 0.05). SPF episodes were 18 (F) versus 22% (Z; p = NS). Drug-related adverse events were significantly (p < 0.05) less under F (3 vs. 10). In conclusion, our study suggests that F has a similar efficacy of Z, with some advantage as regards tolerability and recurrence.",
"These findings suggest that barriers to TB care for drug users are associated not only with the drug users themselves, but also with the providers and societal factors. Health professionals and policy makers should be aware of these barriers in China.",
"The effect of advanced diagnostic imaging on the surgical treatment of adrenal diseases was examined in 86 cases of adrenal disease surgically treated at the Department of Urology, Nara Medical University, and affiliated hospitals from August, 1962, to July, 1991. The number of cases included in the present study was 16 for the period before the introduction of CT (from 1962 to 1978), and 70, including 13 cases of adrenal incidental tumor, after the introduction of CT in 1979. There were no malignant tumors histopathologically, among the 13 cases of incidental tumor. Accurate localization of functioning adrenal disease was possible at a rate of 100% with angiography, including selective venous blood sampling, 98.6% with CT and 84.5% with ultrasonography. The rate was 100% with magnetic resonance imaging which was carried out on 19 cases (20 adrenal glands). Signs of malignancy were observed in the removed tissue of three cases from the pheochromocytoma group. As the diagnostic imaging technique has improved, the use of a flank approach has increased in the surgery for adrenal disease.",
"In patients with post-rheumatic valve replacement, the combination of amiodarone and irbesartan demonstrated a lower rate of AF recurrence after cardioversion than amiodarone alone, which might be due to preventing the atrial remodeling.",
"Applying suction to the underwater seal drains following lung surgery makes no difference in terms of air leak duration. In the light of this finding we have adopted a uniform policy of no suction being applied to the underwater seal, from the time of surgery, unless a specific clinical judgment is made to use it. The anticipated gains are that this will reduce work and cost and aid mobilization.",
"Aims In the last decade, several approaches to ablating triggers and substrates of atrial fibrillation (AF) have been developed. However, most studies have reported data only on short- or medium-term follow-up. The aim of this study was to investigate whether the 1-year efficacy of catheter ablation for AF is predictive of long-term clinical success. Methods and results Between February 2001 and October 2003, 229 consecutive patients affected by drug-refractory paroxysmal or persistent AF underwent a single radiofrequency catheter ablation procedure (anatomical approach in 146 patients and electrophysiologically guided approach in 83 patients). Of these patients, 177 (mean age 59.1 +/- 10.5 years, 57.6% with paroxysmal AF) were free from any atrial arrhythmia recurrence after 12 months. These 177 patients were subsequently followed up for at least another 24 months, by means of electrocardiogram and 24 h Holter monitoring. After a mean follow-up of 49.7 +/- 13.3 months (range 36-83 months), 58.2% of the patients were free from any atrial arrhythmia recurrence (39.5% without antiarrhythmic drugs). The actuarial atrial arrhythmia recurrence rate was 13.0% at 2 years, 21.8% at 3 years, 35.0% at 4 years, 46.8% at 5 years, and 54.6% at 6 years. Atrial arrhythmia-free survival was similar in patients with paroxysmal or persistent AF, with and without antiarrhythmic drugs during the follow-up, who underwent electrophysiologically guided pulmonary vein (PV) isolation or anatomical PV ablation. Conclusion Even patients in whom catheter ablation prevents AF recurrence for 1 year should not be considered 'cured', since >40% of them will suffer AF recurrence over a long-term clinical follow-up.",
"We conducted a case-control study to investigate risk factors for multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR TB) in the People's Republic of China. Genotyping analysis was used to estimate the percentage of cases from recent transmission among 100 MDR TB case-patients hospitalized during April 2007-July 2009. Molecular subtyping of isolates showed that 41% of MDR TB strains clustered. Beijing genotype was found in 94% of the MDR TB isolates and 79% of the pan-susceptible isolates. In multivariate analysis, MDR TB was independently associated with Beijing genotype, retreatment for TB, symptoms lasting >3 months before first evaluation at the hospital, lack of health insurance, and being a farmer (vs. being a student). MDR TB was associated with Beijing genotype and lower socioeconomic status. A large percentage of MDR TB cases seemed to result from recent transmission. Early detection, effective treatment, and infection control measures for MDR TB are needed to reduce transmission.",
"In patients with DCM and co-existing AF, a weaker effect of atorvastatin concerning the reduction of IL-6 and NT-proBNP concentration was observed than in patients without atrial fibrillation.",
"This study suggests that both resistance and endurance exercise alone effectively reduce peripheral arterial stiffness, central blood pressures, augmentation index, and myocardial oxygen demand in young prehypertensive subjects.",
"Long-term use of tafluprost may decrease the CCT in patients with POAG. Consequently, clinicians must be aware of prolongated CCT variations that may arise throughout the follow-up period for proper IOP targeting and management.",
"Evaluation of: Farkouh ME, Domanski M, Sleeper LA et al. Strategies for multivessel revascularization in patients with diabetes. N. Engl. J. Med. 367, 2375-2384 (2012). The FREEDOM trial enrolled 1900 patients with diabetes and multivessel coronary disease to percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with drug-eluting stents or coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG). In the drug-eluting stents arm, 94% were treated with the first-generation drug-eluting stents. The median duration of follow-up among survivors was 3.8 years. The primary outcome, a composite of death from any cause, nonfatal myocardial infarction or nonfatal stroke, occurred more frequently in the PCI group, with 5-year rates of 26.6% in the PCI group and 18.7% in the CABG group, a statistically significant relative-risk reduction of 30%. Stroke rates were significantly higher in the CABG group, with 5-year rates of 2.4% in the PCI group and 5.2% in the CABG group.",
"These results confirm earlier findings demonstrating the inferiority of the INH+EMB-based regimens to the standard 6-month regimen. The WHO has withdrawn its recommendation of these regimens.",
"In a randomized multicenter trial, involving the collaboration of eight European neonatal intensive care units, the efficacy of replacement therapy with a new surfactant preparation (Curosurf) was tested in 146 patients with severe neonatal respiratory distress syndrome. Criteria for entry included birth weight 700 to 2,000 g, age when treated two to 15 hours, and requirement of artificial ventilation with FiO2 greater than or equal to 0.6. The babies were treated with a single large dose of surfactant (200 mg/kg) at a median age of nine hours (range two to 15 hours). Average FiO2 before treatment was the same (0.80) for both surfactant-treated patients and control patients. Babies receiving surfactant showed, within five minutes, a dramatic improvement of oxygenation as reflected by a nearly threefold increase of the PaO2/FiO2 ratio. Six hours after randomization, the PaO2/FiO2 ratio still showed a 98% improvement in surfactant-treated patients compared with controls (P less than .001), and statistically significant differences in favor of the treated babies persisted until 48 hours after randomization, when surviving control infants began to recover. Treatment with surfactant decreased neonatal (less than or equal to 28 days) mortality from 51% to 31% (P less than .05). Compared with control babies, the surfactant-treated group also had a decreased incidence of pulmonary interstitial emphysema (23% v 39%; P less than .05) and pneumothorax (18% v 35%; P less than .05). The percentage of survivors without bronchopulmonary dysplasia in the treated group was more than twice that of the control group (55% v 26%; P less than .001).(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)",
"IPTi did not increase drug pressure or the selection on dhfr and dhps mutants, when SP was the first-line malaria treatment. Introduction of artemether-lumefantrine was followed by an increase in dhfr mutations, consistent with weak selection attributable to SP-IPTi, but not by an increase in dhps mutations, suggesting a fitness cost of this mutation.",
"Frequent painful sickle cell crisis leads to a high number of active days lost due to morbidity or mortality. Only one of the specific drugs has been shown to be efficacious in a controlled clinical trial in the USA. The efficacy and the appropriateness of a drug acting on the erythrocytic membrane, pentoxiphyllin, was investigated in a randomised, double blinded clinical trial in the treatment of acute incapacitating crisis. In the 36 patients studied in a rural hospital in Togo (West Africa) where sickle cell disease is frequent (0.51% of all births), the mean (standard deviation = SD) duration of inpatient treatment was significantly shorter in the actively treated group active drug: 77.6 (40.19) hours, placebo: 102.4 (25.31) hours, difference between means: 24.8 (95% confidence intervals (= 95% CI) 2.02-47.5) hours); p = 0.03. This marked effect of active treatment was evident during the first 48 hours only. The suitability of this therapeutic regime within the studied area is discussed.",
"Clinically relevant reductions in SU occur following bariatric surgery in people with diabetes and WHO class II or higher obesity.",
"We report the discovery and translational therapeutic efficacy of a peptide with potent, balanced co-agonism at both of the receptors for the incretin hormones glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) and glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP). This unimolecular dual incretin is derived from an intermixed sequence of GLP-1 and GIP, and demonstrated enhanced antihyperglycemic and insulinotropic efficacy relative to selective GLP-1 agonists. Notably, this superior efficacy translated across rodent models of obesity and diabetes, including db/db mice and ZDF rats, to primates (cynomolgus monkeys and humans). Furthermore, this co-agonist exhibited synergism in reducing fat mass in obese rodents, whereas a selective GIP agonist demonstrated negligible weight-lowering efficacy. The unimolecular dual incretins corrected two causal mechanisms of diabesity, adiposity-induced insulin resistance and pancreatic insulin deficiency, more effectively than did selective mono-agonists. The duration of action of the unimolecular dual incretins was refined through site-specific lipidation or PEGylation to support less frequent administration. These peptides provide comparable pharmacology to the native peptides and enhanced efficacy relative to similarly modified selective GLP-1 agonists. The pharmacokinetic enhancement lessened peak drug exposure and, in combination with less dependence on GLP-1-mediated pharmacology, avoided the adverse gastrointestinal effects that typify selective GLP-1-based agonists. This discovery and validation of a balanced and high-potency dual incretin agonist enables a more physiological approach to management of diseases associated with impaired glucose tolerance.",
"Phosphene threshold increased during treatment with levetiracetam. At the 10% significance level, headache frequency and phosphene threshold were negatively correlated.",
"Once-daily administration of latanoprost 0.005% was significantly more effective in reducing IOP in Chinese patients with CACG than twice-daily instillation of timolol 0.5%. Both agents were well tolerated.",
"In Tororo, despite provision of LLINs and prompt treatment with ACT, the incidence of malaria is very high and appears to be rising. Additional malaria control interventions in high transmission settings are likely needed.",
"Preoperative medication with dexamethasone significantly reduces the incidence of postoperative nausea and vomiting. Avoidance of opioids for postoperative analgesia reduces the incidence of postoperative nausea and vomiting. Migraine and motion sickness are independent risk factors for postoperative nausea and vomiting.",
"Treatment with iVPA was more effective than metoclopramide + SQ sumatriptan during the first 2 hours in patients with a prolonged migraine.",
"The presence and genotype of LQTS can be predicted by a combination of postural and exercise changes in the QT/RR relationship. beta-Blockade normalized these changes. Routine exercise testing is useful in predicting and directing genetic testing in LQTS.",
"We have previously demonstrated that 5-aza-2'-deoxycytidine (decitabine) augments fetal hemoglobin (HbF) levels in patients with sickle cell anemia (SS) who did not respond to hydroxyurea (HU). The present study was designed to determine the effect of repeated decitabine dosing on HbF levels and hematologic toxicity over a 9-month treatment period. Seven patients (5 HU nonresponders) were entered. One patient had alpha-thalassemia sickle cell anemia. Decitabine was administered by intravenous infusion at a starting dose of 0.3 mg/kg per day, 5 days a week for 2 weeks, followed by a 4-week observation period. If the absolute neutrophil count dropped below 1000, the dose was reduced by 0.05 mg/kg per day in the next cycle. A drug dose was obtained for each patient, and it resulted in an elevated HbF without neutropenia (absolute neutrophil count nadir greater than 1500) or evidence of cumulative toxicity. Average HbF and average maximal HbF levels attained during the last 20 weeks of treatment for the 6 SS patients increased to 13.93% +/- 2.75% and 18.35% +/- 4.46%, respectively, from a pretreatment mean of 3.12% +/- 2.75%. Mean and mean maximal hemoglobin (Hb) levels increased from 7.23 +/- 2.35 g/dL to 8.81 +/- 0.42 g/dL and 9.73 +/- 0.53 g/dL, respectively. Individual maximal F-cell number observed during the trial was 69% +/- 10.12%. The absence of cumulative toxicity may allow shorter intervals between drug treatments, which may lead to higher hemoglobin and HbF levels after several treatment cycles and, therefore, to greater clinical improvement.",
"Results from our investigation suggest that radiofrequency ablation of AF in patients with Barlow disease undergoing MVR for severe regurgitation is effective and should be considered in every patient with Barlow disease and AF undergoing valve surgical repair.",
"A total of 9033 (63.7%) patients had HF. The primary efficacy analysis was rates of stroke or systemic embolism (per 100 patient-years) by intention to treat. The safety outcomes were major or nonmajor clinically relevant bleeding and hemorrhagic stroke during treatment. Patients with HF were younger (72 versus 74 years), more likely to have persistent atrial fibrillation (83.0% versus 77.6%), and had higher mean CHADS2 scores (3.7 versus 3.1). The efficacy of rivaroxaban compared with warfarin was similar in patients with HF (1.90 versus 2.09) and without HF (2.10 versus 2.54; P-interaction=0.62). The risk of major or nonmajor clinically relevant bleeding with rivaroxaban was similar to warfarin in patients with HF (14.22 versus 14.02) and without HF (16.12 versus 15.35; P-interaction=0.99). A reduction in hemorrhagic stroke was observed with rivaroxaban in patients with HF as in the overall trial (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.38; 95% confidence interval, 0.19-0.76; P-interaction=0.067). Among patients with HF, the efficacy of rivaroxaban was similar, irrespective of ejection fraction <40 or ≥ 40% (P-interaction=0.38), New York Heart Association class I-II versus III-IV (P-interaction=0.68), HF preserved or reduced ejection fraction (P-interaction=0.35), or CHADS2 score 2 versus ≥ 3 (P-interaction=0.48).",
"Latanoprost given as first or second-line treatment at the recommended dose effectively decreases IOP in patients with OAG or OHT. This treatment also improves visual and nonvisual symptoms in previously treated patients and presents a good safety profile.",
"Among patients undergoing PCI, spontaneous but not procedural MI was independently associated with death and cardiovascular death at 1 year. These finding suggest that the prognostic impact of procedural MI may be less than that of spontaneous MI and should be considered in designing end points for future studies of coronary revascularization.",
"Pulmonary vein anatomy assessed by MDCT is a good predictor of AF recurrence after PVA using RMN.",
"In patients with STEMI and multivessel coronary artery disease undergoing infarct-artery PCI, preventive PCI in noninfarct coronary arteries with major stenoses significantly reduced the risk of adverse cardiovascular events, as compared with PCI limited to the infarct artery. (Funded by Barts and the London Charity; PRAMI Current Controlled Trials number, ISRCTN73028481.).",
"Several clinical and procedural factors have been identified as predictors of early and midterm events after transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI), but incidence and prognostic impact of diabetes mellitus (DM), especially insulin treated, on short- and midterm outcomes remain to be defined. All consecutive patients who underwent TAVI at our institutions were enrolled and stratified according to DM status. All-cause mortality at 30 days or in hospital and at follow-up was the primary end point, whereas periprocedural complications, rates of myocardial infarction, stroke, and reintervention at follow-up were the secondary ones. All end points were adjudicated according to the Valve Academic Research Consortium definitions. In all, 511 patients were enrolled: 361 without DM, 78 with orally treated DM, and 72 with insulin-treated DM. Orally treated DM patients were more frequently women, whereas insulin-treated DM patients were younger. Thirty-day Valve Academic Research Consortium mortality was not significantly higher in patients with orally treated DM and insulin-treated DM compared with patients without diabetes (6.4%, 9.7%, and 4.7%, p = 0.09). Bleedings, vascular complications, postprocedural acute kidney injury, and periprocedural strokes were not significantly different in the 3 groups. At midterm follow-up (median 400 days), patients with insulin-treated DM had a significantly higher mortality rate (33.3% vs 18.6%, p = 0.01) and higher myocardial infarction incidence (8.3% vs 1.4%, p = 0.002) if compared with patients without diabetes. Strokes and reinterventions at follow-up were similar in the 3 groups. After multivariable adjustment, insulin-treated DM was independently correlated with death (hazard ratio 2, 95% confidence interval 1.3 to 3.3) and myocardial infarction (hazard ratio 3.73, 95% confidence interval 1.1 to 13). In conclusion, DM does not significantly affect rates of complications in patients who underwent TAVI. Insulin-treated DM, but not orally treated DM, is independently associated with death and myocardial infarction at midterm follow-up and should be included into future TAVI-dedicated scores.",
"INH at an average dose of 14.5 mg/kg once daily was well tolerated in infants and achieved INH Cmax values ≥3 mg/L and AUC0-24 values ≥10.52 mg·h/L.",
"Screening for latent tuberculous infection (LTBI) in contacts of identified cases of tuberculosis should be based on intention to treat. We know that only LTBI that is attributable to a recent transmission requires preventive treatment in immunocompetent adults. There is no current test that allows accurate dating of LTBI. The objective of this retrospective study with QuantiFERON-TB-Gold In-Tube (QFT) is to estimate the probability of recent LTBI in various groups of contacts. Among 2424 subjects included, 407 (17%) tests were positive; 129 (28%) within the family circle, 69 (19%) within the social environment, 153 (14%) among professional acquaintances and 56 (10%) within the school environment (respectively: OR=0.69 and P=0.04; OR=0.49 and P<0.001; OR=0.51 and P<0.001). After comparison with a basal rate of LTBI, professional and family contacts less than 40 years old, born in a country of incidence lower than 20, had a rate of recent LTBI between 15 and 40% and between 68 and 80%, respectively. For those born in a country of incidence greater than 20, we estimate the rate of recent LTBI between 6 and 18% for professional contacts and between 43 and 50% for family contacts. These results, although approximate and specific to Paris, are important for the clinician who has to decide on preventive treatment and for the public health specialist who has to identify groups of contacts. Finally, to limit the differences in rates of recent LTBI, it would probably be necessary to specify thresholds of accumulated contact time, according to the type of contact, before considering an individual as a contact.",
"US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and US Agency for International Development.",
"Neuralieve.",
"Low 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels are associated with higher prevalent blood pressure. We tested whether high-dose intermittent oral vitamin D therapy could reduce blood pressure and left ventricular mass in patients with hypertension resistant to conventional treatment. We conducted a parallel-group, double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled trial. Patients with supine office blood pressure >140/90 mm Hg on ≥3 antihypertensive agents received 100 000 U oral vitamin D3 or matching placebo every 2 months. Office and 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure, glucose, and cholesterol were measured at baseline, 2, 4, and 6 months; left ventricular mass index was measured by cardiac MRI on a subgroup at baseline and 6 months. The primary outcome was mean 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure at 6 months. A total of 68 participants were randomized, 34 in each group. Mean age was 63 (SD 11) years, mean baseline office blood pressure was 154/84 (13/10) mm Hg, and mean baseline 25-hydroxyvitamin D level was 42 (16) nmol/L. Treatment with vitamin D did not reduce 24-hour ambulatory blood pressure (adjusted treatment effects: systolic, +3 mm Hg; 95% confidence interval, -4 to +11; P=0.33; diastolic, -2 mm Hg; 95% confidence interval, -6 to +2; P=0.29); similar results were seen for office blood pressure. Left ventricular mass index was measured in a subgroup (n=25); no reduction was seen with vitamin D treatment (adjusted treatment effect, +4 g/m(2); 95% confidence interval, 0 to +7; P=0.04). There was no significant change in cholesterol or glucose levels. Thus, 6 months of intermittent, high-dose oral vitamin D3 did not reduce blood pressure or left ventricular mass in patients with resistant hypertension.",
"Clinical competence increased significantly after a 3-week core course; improvement persisted for 24 weeks. No additional impact of OSS was observed. Data on clinical practice, facility-level performance and health outcomes will complete assessment of overall impact of IMID and OSS.",
"Elevated interleukin-6 (IL-6) levels are associated with type 2 diabetes, but its role in glucose metabolism is controversial. We investigated the effect of IL-6 on insulin-stimulated glucose metabolism in type 2 diabetes patients and hypothesized that an acute, moderate IL-6 elevation would increase the insulin-mediated glucose uptake. Men with type 2 diabetes not treated with insulin [n = 9, age 54.9 ± 9.7 (mean ± SD) yr, body mass index 34.8 ± 6.1 kg/m(2), HbA1c 7.0 ± 1.0%] received continuous intravenous infusion with either recombinant human IL-6 (rhIL-6) or placebo. After 1 h with placebo or rhIL-6, a 3-h hyperinsulinemic-isoglycemic clamp was initiated. Whole body glucose metabolism was measured using stable isotope-labeled tracers. Signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (STAT3) phosphorylation and suppressor of cytokine signaling 3 (SOCS3) expression were measured in muscle biopsies. Whole body energy expenditure was measured using indirect calorimetry. In response to the infusion of rhIL-6, circulating levels of IL-6 (P < 0.001), neutrophils (P < 0.001), and cortisol (P < 0.001) increased while lymphocytes decreased (P < 0.01). However, IL-6 infusion did not change glucose infusion rate, rate of appearance, or rate of disappearance during the clamp. While IL-6 enhanced phosphorylation of STAT3 in skeletal muscle (P = 0.041), the expression of SOCS3 remained unchanged. Whole body oxygen uptake (P < 0.01) and expired carbon dioxide (P < 0.01) increased during rhIL-6 infusion. In summary, although IL-6 induced local and systemic responses, the insulin-stimulated glucose uptake was not affected. While different contributing factors may be involved, our results are in contrast to our hypothesis and previous findings in young, healthy men.",
"Long-term treatment with BAK-containing antiglaucoma medication appears to be the main contributor to corneal toxicity and to do so in a dose-dependent manner. Formulations containing beta-blockers also appear to contribute to corneal toxicity.",
"These data show the functional efficacy of a novel pure HNO donor to enhance myocardial function and present first-in-man evidence for its potential usefulness in HF.",
"In a randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial, treatment with hydroxyurea (HU) reduced crisis rates in adult patients with severe sickle cell anemia. No serious acute toxicity was seen, but the safety of long-term therapy could not be evaluated. The rationale for the use of HU was based on its ability to increase fetal hemoglobin (HbF) synthesis and the inhibitory effect of HbF on polymerization of sickle cell hemoglobin. Surprisingly, final HbF levels in patients assigned to HU did not differ markedly from their pretreatment levels (5% v 9%). As Steinberg et al showed, when HU patients were divided into quartiles based on final HbF levels, those in the highest quartile had an 18% mean HbF, while those in the lowest quartile had a mean of only 4%. Higher HbF levels were associated with lower crisis rates, but the association was not statistically significant. Further analyses suggested noncompliance of patients in the lower HbF quartiles in the later months of the study as a significant factor responsible for the difference in HbF levels. When HU patients were divided into quartiles based on their 2-year crisis rates, those with the fewest crises had lower neutrophil counts and higher mean corpuscular volumes (MCVs) and F-cell counts; similar but less marked changes were seen in patients assigned to placebo. Multivariable analyses showed a significant relationship between crisis rate and, in the early months of the study, F-cell count and, in later months, MCV. Lower neutrophil counts were associated with lower crisis rates in all months of the study. The HbF in F cells inhibits their sickling and decreases the likelihood of vaso-occlusion and infarction. If infarction does occur, lower neutrophil counts may limit the extent of tissue destruction and the severity of pain. Further study is needed to clarify the interplay of these two factors as mediators of the effect of HU in lowering crisis rates in sickle cell anemia.",
"Our data demonstrate important differences between provider specialties, the demographics of the AF patient population treated, and treatment strategies-particularly for rhythm control and anticoagulation therapy.",
"RMC navigation significantly reduces patients' and physicians' fluoroscopic times by 50.5% and 68.6%, respectively, when used in conjunction with a noncontact mapping system to guide ablation of RVOT VPC/VT.",
"The purpose of this study was to assess both the benefits of a 3-month travoprost 0.004%/timolol 0.5%fixed combination (trav/tim) regimen in comparison with previous medications for the control of intraocular pressure (IOP) and the tolerability of these drug regimens in glaucoma patients. An observational, non-interventional, open-label study of 406 eyes with primary open angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension was thus undertaken. One drop of trav/tim fixed combination was administered in the evening for 3 months. Patients were divided into five groups according to previous drug regimens: timolol 0.5% monotherapy; betaxolol 0.5% monotherapy; latanoprost 0.005% monotherapy; travoprost 0.004% monotherapy; and dorzolamide 2%/timolol 0.5% fixed combination. Upon medication substitution, the trav/tim fixed combination provided better IOP control and tolerability in all five patient groups. At the 3-month follow up, the mean IOP changes from previous therapy were as follows: 5.2 ± 2.7 mmHg (20.8% change) in timolol 0.5% group; 5.7 ± 2.2 mmHg (22.5% change) in betaxolol 0.5% group; 3.8 ± 2.6 mmHg (24.5% change) in latanoprost 0.005% group; 4.4 ± 2.8 mmHg (20% change) in travoprost 0.004% group; and 3.4 ± 4.1 mmHg (14.5% change) in dorzolamide 2%/timolol 0.5% fixed combination group. The difference between baseline and trav/tim combination patient satisfaction at the 3-month follow-up was significant. Thus, the trav/tim fixed combination provided better IOP control and tolerability than previous mono- or polytherapies.",
"Despite adverse side effects, phenoxybenzamine has been widely used for the preoperative management of patients with pheochromocytoma. Doxazosin, a specific a 1-adrenoceptor antagonist, has a pharmacologic profile more suited to controlling blood pressure in such patients. A sequential study of 35 patients with pheochromocytoma encompassed a definite and prescribed change in preoperative drug management from phenoxybenzamine to doxazosin. Hemodynamic, pharmacologic, and biochemical indicators of a- and b-adrenoceptor blockade were measured before, during, and after anesthesia and surgery in 8 patients pretreated with phenoxybenzamine and 27 patients pretreated with doxazosin. Doxazosin (2-16 mg/day) was as effective as phenoxybenzamine in controlling arterial pressure and heart rate before and during surgery, but doxazosin caused fewer undesirable side effects both before and after surgery. Following phenoxybenzamine therapy substantial a 1-adrenoceptor blockade, detected as a right shift of phenylephrine dose-response curves, persisted for more than 2 days postoperatively, whereas after doxazosin it was undetectable on the first postoperative day. Doxazosin provided safe, efficacious pre- and perioperative control of arterial pressure. In patients with predominantly norepinephrine-secreting tumors, pretreatment 24-hour urinary norepinephrine excretion gave an indication of the daily doxazosin requirement.",
"In a prospective comparison, 60 patients suffering from complicated spontaneous pneumothorax were randomly allocated to receive treatment by a video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS) technique or by thoracotomy. Thirty patients underwent bullectomy and apical pleurectomy by VATS performed through three 2-cm incisions (group V) and 30 patients underwent a similar surgical procedure through a posterolateral thoracotomy (group T). The median operating time was significantly longer in group V (45 versus 37.5 minutes; p < 0.05), but the postoperative analgesic requirement and hospital stay were less than those in group T. On the third postoperative day, the reductions in the forced expiratory volume in 1 second and forced vital capacity were significantly lower in group V than in group T (p < 0.05 and p < 0.01, respectively). Initial treatment of the spontaneous pneumothorax was effective in 27 patients (90%) in group V and in 29 patients (97%) in group T. There have been two late recurrences in group V and one in group T at a median follow-up of 15.1 months and 16.3 months, respectively. Within the study group, 30 consecutive patients presented with primary spontaneous pneumothorax. In this subgroup there was no significant difference in the operating time between VATS and thoracotomy, but postoperative pain, hospital stay, and pulmonary dysfunction were all less for those undergoing VATS. All treatment failures were in the subgroup of 30 consecutive patients who presented with secondary spontaneous pneumothorax, and the hospital stay in this group was prolonged by the use of VATS. We conclude from our findings that VATS is superior to thoracotomy in the treatment of primary spontaneous pneumothorax.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)",
"4R is safer and has a higher completion rate than 6H as treatment for LTBI among male prison inmates.",
"CAT variants were associated with the prevalence and incidence of diabetic nephropathy and ESRD in type 1 diabetic patients. Our results confirm the protective role of catalase against oxidative stress in the kidney.",
"The FACTOR study confirms that most patients with migraine identify some circumstance that precipitates their attacks. Controlling or avoiding these factors, whenever possible, must be part of the programme of education received by patients suffering from migraine.",
"Abnormal blood flow accounts for most of the clinical morbidity of sickle cell disease (SCD) [1,2]. Most notably, occlusion of flow in the microvasculature causes the acute pain crises [3] that are the commonest cause for patients with SCD to seek medical attention [4] and major determinants of their quality of life [5]. Based on evidence that endothelial P-selectin is central to the abnormal blood flow in SCD we provide results from four of our studies that are germane to microvascular blood flow in SCD. A proof-of-principle study established that doses of heparin lower than what are used for anticoagulation but sufficient to block P-selectin improved microvascular blood flow inpatients with SCD. An in vitro study showed that Pentosan Polysulfate Sodium (PPS) had greater P-selectin blocking activity than heparin. A Phase I clinical study demonstrated that a single oral dose of PPS increased microvascular blood flow in patients with SCD. A Phase II clinical study that was not completed documented that daily oral doses of PPS administered for 8 weeks lowered plasma levels of sVCAM-1 and tended to improve microvascular blood flow in patients with SCD. These data support the concept that P-selectin on the microvascular endothelium is critical to both acute vascular occlusion and chronically impaired microvascular blood flow in SCD. They also demonstrate that oral PPS is beneficial to microvascular sickle cell blood flow and has potential as an efficacious agent for long-term prophylactic therapy of SCD.",
"Tafluprost and latanoprost have comparable effects on the extent, duration, and stability of IOP reduction, and are well tolerated in patients.",
"Antigen specific T cell response based on ex-vivo ELISPOT assay using combined ACR and ESAT-6/ CFP-10 antigens can be used as indicator of underlying latent TB infection in tropical setting where tuberculosis is endemic.",
"Changes in globotriaosylceramide concentrations do not appear to be useful biomarkers for prediction of Fabry disease-related changes in estimated glomerular filtration rate or left-ventricular mass index.",
"Ramipril is effective in preventing relapses of LAF.",
"This open prospective randomized 16-week study of combined therapy of coronary heat disease (CHD) and and diabetes mellitus of 2nd type (DM2) with secondary non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) including mexicor was designed to estimate structural and functional liver characteristics. Mexicor was shown to act as a hepatoprotector reducing the frequency of cytolithic syndrome when used together with statins in combined therapy of atherogenic dyslipidemia. It also significantly decreased the number of patients with elevated levels of gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase. These changes suggest favourable prognosis for patients with CHD and DM2 because enhanced activity of this enzyme is believed to be a predictor of high cardiovascular risk. Mexicor promoted combined hypolipidemic effect, reduced the degree of insulin resistance, improved hepatic metabolism, and lowered cardiovascular risks in patients with CHD and DM2.",
"Octogenarians who undergo re-AVR are thought to be high-risk surgical candidates. The present single-center series revealed acceptable in-hospital outcomes and operative mortality. Mre-AVR was associated with better survival compared with Fre-AVR and might benefit this population.",
"Successful CA is associated with LA reverse remodeling and LA/LAA functional recovery in patients with persistent AF. LA systolic strain and LAA wall velocity at baseline predicted both maintenance of SR and LA reverse remodeling.",
"The methodology selected to analyse the clinical trial must be scientifically sound, acceptable to regulatory authorities and meaningful to those responsible for malaria control and public health policy.",
"There are limited data regarding the role of vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) in arterial hypertension. The aim of the present study was to determine some markers of vascular function, including VEGF, active renin and prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) in patients with endocrine hypertension. The study comprised: 30 patients with primary aldosteronism; 32 patients with active Cushing's syndrome; 19 patients with pheochromocytoma; 22 patients with essential hypertension and 24 healthy volunteers. VEGF was significantly elevated in all groups of patients as compared to the controls. VEGF levels in patients with Cushing's syndrome were significantly higher than those in patients with essential hypertension and primary aldosteronism. We did not find significant differences in VEGF levels between patients with Conn adenomas and idiopathic aldosteronism as well as between patients with Cushing's disease and Cushing's syndrome. PGE2 levels were not significantly different among the groups. Active renin was significantly the lowest in patients with primary aldosteronism and significantly the highest in those with pheochromocytoma compared to controls. The level of active renin in patients with primary aldosteronism was significantly lower than in patients with Cushing's syndrome and pheochromocytoma. In conclusion, VEGF levels were significantly elevated in patients with endocrine hypertension due to glucocorticoid, mineralocorticoid and/or catecholamine excess. The highest VEGF levels were detected in patients with Cushing's syndrome. The latter is associated with accelerated development of atherosclerosis and increased cardiovascular risk. VEGF might contribute to the cardiovascular risk in this disease. This effect was not likely to be PGE2 mediated.",
"Prasugrel is more potent than clopidogrel, but it is not known whether this translates into clinical benefit in patients undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with bivalirudin for ST elevation myocardial infarction. In the Intracoronary Abciximab and Aspiration Thrombectomy in Patients With Large Anterior Myocardial Infarction trial, 452 patients with anterior STEMI undergoing primary PCI with bivalirudin were randomized to intralesional abciximab or placebo and to thrombus aspiration or no aspiration. Clopidogrel or prasugrel were administered at physician discretion. The primary end point was infarct size at 30 days by cardiac magnetic resonance imaging. Clinical events at 30 days and 1 year were independently adjudicated. Propensity score was used to adjust for nonrandom allocation of the drugs. Prasugrel and clopidogrel were administered to 155 patients (34.3%) and 297 patients (65.7%), respectively. Patients receiving prasugrel were younger with higher left ventricular ejection fraction and greater use of drug-eluting stents. Prasugrel-treated patients had higher rates of procedural success (94% vs 89%, p = 0.03), Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) 3 flow (95% vs 90%, p = 0.06), and lower corrected TIMI frame counts (21 ± 6 vs 23 ± 11, p = 0.008). At 30 days, infarct size was marginally lower in the prasugrel group (median [interquartile range] = 16.4% [6.5 to 20.0] vs 17.6% [8.1 to 25.7], p = 0.06). At 1 year, prasugrel group had significantly fewer deaths (1.3% vs 8.3%, p = 0.004) and fewer episodes of severe heart failure (2.0% vs 7.7%, p = 0.02). These findings persisted after propensity score adjustment. There were no significant differences in major bleeding. Stent thrombosis was 0% versus 2.5%, respectively, p = 0.054. We conclude that prasugrel was associated with improved efficacy and similar safety compared with clopidogrel in patients undergoing primary PCI with bivalirudin.",
"The results illustrate that existing private sector networks can efficiently control malaria in remote rural regions. The intra-household allocation of ITNs distributed through this channel was comparable to that of ITNs received from other sources, and the health impact remained substantial.",
"Right but not left macroreentry is the most common AT postmitral valve replacement in patients with RHD. The incidence of AF is very high after AT ablation in such patients during the long-term follow-up.",
"Maternal HIV infection was associated with being underweight in HIV-exposed uninfected infants. The success of programmes for prevention of mother-to-child HIV transmission means that an increasing number of infants will be born to HIV-infected women without acquiring HIV. Therefore, viable nutritional interventions need to be identified for this population.",
"This randomized, double-blind trial compared cardioversion rates between AZD7009 infusion (15-minute 3.25 mg/min, 15-minute 4.4 mg/min, or 30-minute 3.25 mg/min) and placebo infusion (15 or 30 minutes) in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) scheduled for DC cardioversion. One hundred sixty-eight patients were randomized, 167 received study treatment, and 159 were included in perprotocol analyses. The mean duration of current AF episode was 47 days (range, 0.8-92). In the AZD7009 30-minute 3.25 mg/min group, 21 of 42 patients converted within 90 minutes, compared with 7 of 39, 7 of 36, and 0 of 42 patients in the 15-minute 3.25 mg/min, 15-minute 4.4 mg/min, and combined placebo groups, respectively. Patients not converted within 90 minutes underwent DC cardioversion. In patients with AF episodes </=30 days, conversion rates with AZD7009 30-minute 3.25 mg/min and after placebo followed by DC cardioversion were 82% and 83%, respectively. AZD7009 was generally well tolerated. Mean QTc increased by 15% to 20% in the AZD7009 treatment groups. One patient experienced a ventricular tachyarrhythmia of 7 beats, with features of torsades de pointes. AZD7009 was associated with a 50% conversion rate in the best-dose group. In patients with AF episodes <or=30 days, the conversion rates after AZD1305 and placebo followed by DC cardioversion were observed to be similar.",
"Patients with persistent AF, symptomatic HF, and LV ejection fraction <50% were randomized to catheter ablation or medical rate control. The primary end-point was the difference between groups in LV ejection fraction at 6 months. Baseline LV ejection fraction was 32±8% in the ablation group and 34±12% in the medical group. Twenty-six patients underwent catheter ablation, and 24 patients were rate controlled. Freedom from AF was achieved in 21/26 (81%) at 6 months off antiarrhythmic drugs. LV ejection fraction at 6 months in the ablation group was 40±12% compared with 31±13% in the rate control group (P=0.015). Ablation was associated with better peak oxygen consumption (22±6 versus 18±6 mL/kg per minute; P=0.014) and Minnesota living with HF questionnaire score (24±22 versus 47±22; P=0.001) compared with rate control.",
"The absolute risk of positivity for 2 or more islet autoantibodies was 13.4% among those randomized to the casein hydrolysate formula (n = 139) vs 11.4% among those randomized to the conventional formula (n = 117). The unadjusted hazard ratio for positivity for 2 or more autoantibodies among those randomized to be weaned to the casein hydrolysate was 1.21 (95% CI, 0.94-1.54), compared with those randomized to the conventional formula, while the hazard ratio adjusted for HLA risk, duration of breastfeeding, vitamin D use, study formula duration and consumption, and region was 1.23 (95% CI, 0.96-1.58). There were no clinically significant differences in the rate of reported adverse events between the 2 groups.",
"Nearly half of Iranian patients with TB were carnitine-deficient. Increased serum triglyceride levels and hypoalbuminemia were identified as independent risk factors of carnitine deficiency in patients aged over 35 years. Considering malnutrition as a major risk factor of TB and the safety of carnitine supplementation, use of carnitine as an adjunctive modality instead of other standard interventions may show beneficial effects in patients with TB.",
"This study suggests a possible role for SPG stimulation in the treatment of refractory migraine headaches.",
"Pharmacokinetic variability to a single drug in the regimen is significantly associated with failure of therapy and ADR in patients. This suggests that individualized dosing for tuberculosis may be more effective than standardized dosing, which is prescribed in directly observed therapy programs.",
"This study has described, for the first time, cardiac measurements obtained through the cardiac magnetic resonance imaging in Brazilians, asymptomatic, with no cardiomyopathies, showing differences in accordance with gender and age.",
"Controlled human malaria infection (CHMI) is a powerful method for assessing the efficacy of anti-malaria vaccines and drugs targeting pre-erythrocytic and erythrocytic stages of the parasite. CHMI has heretofore required the bites of 5 Plasmodium falciparum (Pf) sporozoite (SPZ)-infected mosquitoes to reliably induce Pf malaria. We reported that CHMI using the bites of 3 PfSPZ-infected mosquitoes reared aseptically in compliance with current good manufacturing practices (cGMP) was successful in 6 participants. Here, we report results from a subsequent CHMI study using 3 PfSPZ-infected mosquitoes reared aseptically to validate the initial clinical trial. We also compare results of safety, tolerability, and transmission dynamics in participants undergoing CHMI using 3 PfSPZ-infected mosquitoes reared aseptically to published studies of CHMI using 5 mosquitoes. Nineteen adults aged 18-40 years were bitten by 3 Anopheles stephensi mosquitoes infected with the chloroquine-sensitive NF54 strain of Pf. All 19 participants developed malaria (100%); 12 of 19 (63%) on Day 11. The mean pre-patent period was 258.3 hours (range 210.5-333.8). The geometric mean parasitemia at first diagnosis by microscopy was 9.5 parasites/µL (range 2-44). Quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qPCR) detected parasites an average of 79.8 hours (range 43.8-116.7) before microscopy. The mosquitoes had a geometric mean of 37,894 PfSPZ/mosquito (range 3,500-152,200). Exposure to the bites of 3 aseptically-raised, PfSPZ-infected mosquitoes is a safe, effective procedure for CHMI in malaria-naïve adults. The aseptic model should be considered as a new standard for CHMI trials in non-endemic areas. Microscopy is the gold standard used for the diagnosis of Pf malaria after CHMI, but qPCR identifies parasites earlier. If qPCR continues to be shown to be highly specific, and can be made to be practical, rapid, and standardized, it should be considered as an alternative for diagnosis.",
"Patients undergoing cardiac surgery have increased oxidative stress and a trend towards an impaired arginine/nitric oxide pathway with respect to Controls. Patients affected by mitral valve regurgitation show more pronounced perturbations in these pathways. The clinical implications of these findings need to be investigated.",
"Partial breast irradiation using 3-dimensional conformal RT was feasible within the study constraints. The ratio of planning target volume to ipsilateral whole-breast volume and the distance of surgical cavity from the heart were significant predictors of the quality of treatment plan for external beam PBI.",
"Venoarterial extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (VA-ECMO) provides temporary mechanical circulatory support in patients with refractory cardiogenic shock, allowing time for cardiac recovery. Levosimendan is a calcium sensitizer with inotropic and vasodilatory effects used in the treatment of severe heart failure. It does not increase myocardial oxygen consumption. Its maximum hemodynamic response is seen 24-48 h after stopping infusion, but its effects can persist for 7-9 d owing to active metabolites. We sought to investigate whether the use of levosimendan improves weaning outcomes in patients on VA-ECMO. Six consecutive patients with cardiogenic shock were placed on femorofemoral VA-ECMO support and received levosimendan 24 h before the planned weaning (group A). As control group (group B), we retrospectively reviewed the VA-ECMO implanted at our institution before the introduction of the levosimendan protocol. These patients received only traditional inotropes. The weaning rate was 83.33% in group A and 27.3% in group B. The survival rate was 66.66% and 36.4%, respectively. In group A, three of six patients (50%) required inotropic/vasopressor support after ECMO cessation, while in group B 11 of 11 patients (100%) required support. In our case series, pretreatment with levosimendan seems to facilitate weaning from VA-ECMO, reducing the need for high-dose inotropes.",
"Vernakalant was safe and well tolerated in AF/AFL patients with a history of IHD, and was significantly more effective than placebo for the acute conversion of AF regardless of IHD status.",
"The clinical effect of migraine treated with pine needle moxibustion is better than that with the medicated thread moxibustion of Zhuang medicine. And it has obvious regulation effect on the levels of hs-CRP and Mg2+ in the serum of patients.",
"High-dose statin reloading improves procedural and long term clinical outcomes in stable patients on chronic statin therapy. Both Rosuvastatin and Atorvastatin showed similar beneficial effects on procedural and long-term outcomes.",
"Severe anaemia is a life-threatening complication of falciparum malaria associated with loss of predominantly non-parasitized red blood cells (npRBCs). This poorly elucidated process might be influenced by (i) rosettes, i.e. npRBCs cytoadherent to haemozoin-containing parasitized RBCs (pRBCs) and (ii) generation in pRBCs of 4-hydroxynonenal (4-HNE) through haemozoin-catalysed lipid peroxidation. We explored whether close proximity in rosettes may facilitate 4-HNE transfer to npRBCs, which is likely to enhance their phagocytosis and contribute to malaria anaemia. Fluorescence microscopy and flow cytometry data indicated 4-HNE transfer to npRBCs in rosettes. Rosettes were formed by 64·8 ± 1·8% varO-expressing pRBCs, and 8·7 ± 1·1% npRBCs were positive for 4-HNE-protein-conjugates, while low-rosetting parasites generated only 2·4 ± 1·1% 4-HNE-conjugate-positive npRBCs. 4-HNE transfer decreased after blocking rosetting by monoclonal antibodies. A positive linear relationship between rosette frequency and 4-HNE-conjugates in npRBCs was found in 40 malaria patients, a first indication for a role of rosetting in npRBCs modifications in vivo. Children with severe malaria anaemia had significantly higher percentages of 4-HNE-conjugate-positive npRBCs compared to children with uncomplicated malaria. In conclusion, 4-HNE transfer from pRBCs to npRBCs in rosettes is suggested to play a role in the phagocytic removal of large numbers of npRBCs, the hallmark of severe malaria anaemia.",
"Visual stimulation has significant influence on cerebral blood flow velocities in both migraine with aura patients and controls and these changes are most often observed direct after the beginning of the stimulation. However, no differences in vascular response to visual stimulation between the groups were observed. On the other hand positive correlation between visually evoked changes in cerebral blood flow velocities and VEP amplitudes was found in migraine with aura patients suggesting increased neurovascular coupling in this group when compared with controls.",
"For a proper assessment of diabetic control, maintaining adherence to international guidelines needs to be evaluated. Promoting patient education, improving physician knowledge with better implementation of guidelines is recommended.",
"6,512 laparoscopic cholecystectomies have been performed by 141 surgeons. The lithiasis was uncomplicated in 80% of cases. Conversion from laparoscopy to laparotomy was necessary in 350 cases (5.37%), for technical problems (22 cases), complications (87 cases) or surgical difficulties (241 cases): 107 cholecystitis, 68 adhesions, 14 difficulties in finding the cystic duct and 25 common bile duct stones were the principle surgical difficulties. Among the 304 complications, we have observed 35 general and 251 local complications: 58 haemorrhages, 12 common bile duct lesions (10 cases of iatrogenic trauma and 2 accidental ligations), 4 cystic duct problems and 3 cases of intestinal trauma were the principle per-laparoscopic complications. Among the 164 post-laparoscopies cholecystectomy's complications, we have observed 50 biliary fistulae with 32 requiring further surgery (damage to the common bile duct in 14 cases), 3 common bile duct strictures, 20 haemorrhages (7 requiring further surgery), 31 deep or sub-phrenic abscesses (16 requiring further surgery) and 2 peritonitis after intestinal trauma. We have had 7 deaths (0.10%). Prognostic factors are: 1) The degree of surgeon's experience; the first 50 laparoscopies cholecystectomies performed are more likely to require further surgery (P < 0.05). 2) Cholecystitis with an significantly higher rate of conversion to laparotomy (P < 0.001) and morbidity (P < 0.01). For an experienced surgeon the biliary morbidity is near to that observed in classical cholecystectomy.",
"Significant improvements in both adiposity and headache data were observed in obese adolescents with migraine who participated in a 12-month-long interdisciplinary intervention program for weight loss. Initial body weight and amount of weight loss may be useful for clinicians to predict migraine outcomes.",
"The majority of deaths are not related to stroke in a contemporary anticoagulated atrial fibrillation population. These results emphasize the need to identify interventions beyond effective anticoagulation to further reduce mortality in atrial fibrillation.",
"In CS, a tremendous increase in FGF-23 occurs, and high levels of FGF-23 are associated with poor outcome.",
"In this study, the compliance level of glaucoma patients is relatively high and we observe a correlation between the compliance level and demographic location, and between the compliance level and patient's education level respectively.,",
"During blood stage infection, Plasmodium falciparum infected erythrocytes (IE) bind to host blood vessels. This virulence determinant enables parasites to evade spleen-dependent killing mechanisms, but paradoxically in some cases may reduce parasite fitness by killing the host. Adhesion of infected erythrocytes is mediated by P. falciparum erythrocyte membrane protein 1 (PfEMP1), a family of polymorphic adhesion proteins encoded by var genes. Whereas cerebral binding and severe malaria are associated with parasites expressing DC8 and DC13 var genes, relatively little is known about the non-brain endothelial selection on severe malaria adhesive types. In this study, we selected P. falciparum-IEs on diverse endothelial cell types and demonstrate that DC8 and DC13 var genes were consistently among the major var transcripts selected on non-brain endothelial cells (lung, heart, bone marrow). To investigate the molecular basis for this avid endothelial binding activity, recombinant proteins were expressed from the predominant upregulated DC8 transcript, IT4var19. In-depth binding comparisons revealed that multiple extracellular domains from this protein bound brain and non-brain endothelial cells, and individual domains largely did not discriminate between different endothelial cell types. Additionally, we found that recombinant DC8 and DC13 CIDR1 domains exhibited a widespread endothelial binding activity and could compete for DC8-IE binding to brain endothelial cells, suggesting they may bind the same host receptor. Our findings provide new insights into the interaction of severe malaria adhesive types and host blood vessels and support the hypothesis that parasites causing severe malaria express PfEMP1 variants with a superior ability to adhere to diverse endothelial cell types, and may therefore endow these parasites with a growth and transmission advantage.",
"Adrenomedullin is a novel hypotensive peptide, newly discovered in pheochromocytoma. Because immunoreactive adrenomedullin is present in human plasma, adrenomedullin may play a role in regulating blood pressure. A recent report showed that human adrenomedullin mRNA is expressed not only in pheochromocytoma but also in the normal adrenal medulla, kidney, lung, and ventricle. However, whether or not these organs actually release adrenomedullin into the circulation remains unknown. To investigate the sites of production and degradation of adrenomedullin in human subjects, we obtained blood samples from various sites and measured immunoreactive adrenomedullin concentrations. In study 1, blood samples were obtained from the infrarenal inferior vena cava, suprarenal inferior vena cava, superior vena cava, right atrium, right ventricle, pulmonary artery, pulmonary capillary, left ventricle, and aorta during cardiac catheterization in 15 patients with ischemic heart disease (67 +/- 10 years). In study 2, blood samples were taken from the infrarenal inferior vena cava, suprarenal inferior vena cava, right and left renal veins, and left adrenal vein in 5 hypertensive patients (42 +/- 14 years) suspected of having renovascular hypertension. In study 3, peripheral venous blood samples were obtained in 2 patients (males, 45 and 36 years old) with pheochromocytoma at rest and during hypertensive attacks. Plasma adrenomedullin concentrations were measured by a newly developed radioimmunoassay. In study 1, there were no significant differences in plasma adrenomedullin concentrations in various sites of the right-side circulation. There was no step-up of plasma adrenomedullin levels in the coronary sinus. However, the plasma concentration of adrenomedullin in aorta was slightly but significantly lower than in pulmonary artery.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)",
"Despite preservative differences, there were no significant differences in objective clinical measures of ocular surface tolerability after 3 months of treatment with bimatoprost (with 0.02% BAK), travoprost (with sofZia), and latanoprost (with 0.02% BAK).",
"In patients with T2DM, GIP counteracts insulin-induced hypoglycemia, most likely through a predominant glucagonotropic effect. In contrast, during hyperglycemia, GIP increases glucose disposal through a predominant effect on insulin release.",
"Eleven patients completed the trial, contributing 99 patient-months of monitoring and providing 122 INR measures. The mean proportion of INR values in therapeutic range among subjects in the PSM and physician-management groups was 82% and 80%, respectively (P = .82). The improvement in patient satisfaction with PSM was not significant. Ten of the 11 patients preferred PSM to physician management and elected to continue with this strategy after study completion (P = .001). No calls or visits were made to the physician regarding dose adjustment during the PSM period. There were no episodes of major bleeding or thromboembolic events.",
"This study provides Class III evidence that treatment with a supraorbital transcutaneous stimulator is effective and safe as a preventive therapy for migraine.",
"For all MDCs combined, participants experienced significant improvement at 8 weeks of treatment. Participants with irritable bowel syndrome as their MDC generally had a lower percentage of improvement than other MDC cohort groups. This finding has implications for treatment.",
"This study provides some early evidence that lowering homocysteine through vitamin supplementation reduces migraine disability in a subgroup of patients. Larger trials are now warranted to establish whether vitamin therapy is a safe, inexpensive and effective prophylactic option for treatment of migraine and whether efficacy is dependant on MTHFRC677T genotype.",
"Significant reduction of NV was observed during the first week. Minimal increasement was seen in third month, significant regression effect persisted for 6 months. BIPC inhibited the peroperative risk of anterior segment bleeding, increased the surgical comfort and prevented the failure of filtration procedure by inhibiting reproliferation.",
"High residual platelet reactivity after clopidogrel administration is strongly associated with 1-year MACE-free survival. Routine measurement of platelet reactivity and thorough monitoring of patients with HPR after OPCAB are warranted.",
"The new four-group classification of LVH identifies dilated subgroups with reduced left ventricular function among patients currently classified with eccentric or concentric LVH.",
"This Phase 2 trial of a bivalent AMA1 malaria vaccine found no evidence of vaccine selection or strain-specific efficacy, suggesting that the extreme genetic diversity of AMA1 did not account for failure of the vaccine to provide protection.",
"Usage of T-SPOT.TB in HD patients with negative TST may enhance diagnosis of LTBI.",
"The clinical outcome of acute cardiovascular events may be more favorable in patients with a high body mass index (BMI), although obesity increases the risk for cardiovascular diseases. The authors sought to define the association between BMI and acute and long-term outcome of patients presenting within 12 hours of ST-segment myocardial infarction (STEMI) in a large multinational cohort. A total of 3,579 patients enrolled in the Harmonizing Outcomes with Revascularization and Stents in Acute Myocardial Infarction trial were stratified according to BMI quartiles: <24.5, 24.5 to <27.1, 27.1 to 30.1, and >30.1 kg/m(2) (quartiles 1, 2, 3, and 4, respectively). Death, myocardial reinfarction, ischemia-driven target vessel revascularization, stroke, and noncoronary artery bypass grafting-related major bleeding events were centrally adjudicated for the acute, 30 days, and yearly follow-up. Patients with a BMI in the highest quartile were younger than patients in the lower BMI quartiles and more frequently had hypertension, hyperlipidemia, and diabetes mellitus. Complete occlusions and noncalcified lesions were more common in patients with a high BMI. In-hospital mortality decreased with increasing BMI due to lower cardiac mortality (2.9%, 2.3%, 1.2%, and 1.0% for quartiles 1, 2, 3, and 4, respectively, p <0.05). Out-of-hospital 3-year mortality was also lower in higher-weight patients due to lower noncardiac mortality (4.2%, 2.6%, 2.3%, and 1.7% for quartiles 1 to 4, respectively, p = 0.01). After adjustment for covariates, BMI was no longer predictive of acute or long-term mortality after STEMI. In conclusion, as BMI increases, patients have a more extensive adjusted cardiovascular risk profile and disease burden and premature STEMI onset but similar adjusted acute and long-term outcomes.",
"In patients implanted with PM capable of remote wireless data transmission, initial home setup of the wireless monitoring device was frequently unsuccessful. In-office PM setup was associated with a significantly higher rate of successful transmission.",
"Elevated levels of fibroblast growth factor 23 (FGF23) and phosphorus (P) have been linked to greater risks of left ventricular hypertrophy (LVH) in patients with end stage renal disease (ESRD). The aim of this study was to test if differences exist in a long nocturnal HD group in comparison with a group treated with standard daily thrice weekly dialysis. The attempt was to evaluate if elevated FGF-23 levels, intact parathyroid hormone and P might be associated with left ventricular mass index (LVMI). Quantitative echocardiographic analyses were performed at baseline in 50 maintenance HD patients (17 women and 33 men, mean age: 56.4 ± 15.35 years, mean HD vintage: 9.06 ± 8.86 years, all patients are on HD thrice a week-median duration 15 h/week, 10 of them on long nocturnal HD, median duration 24 h/week). LVMIs were calculated. FGF23 was measured in duplicate using a second generation C-terminal enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay and log of FGF-23 values were computed. Mean LVMI was 136.44 ± 44.44 g/m(2) . Serum FGF-23 levels were elevated when compared to population data with preserved kidney function (median 1388.5 RU/mL, range 252 to 24 336 RU/mL). There were no correlations recorded between log FGF-23 levels and LVMI (r = 0.2, P = 0.66). LVMI was significantly lower in HD patients on long nocturnal dialysis procedure (r = -0.31, P = 0.05). Patients treated with long nocturnal HD showed lower LV mass, lower P-values and higher 25-OH-D3 supply. Plasma FGF-23 concentration was comparable between the groups and was not associated with LVMI in our maintenance HD patients.",
"In this cohort of patients with OAG, short-term treatment with brimonidine/timolol and dorzolamide/timolol results in similar effects on OPP and retrobulbar blood flow velocities.",
"The results of this study showed a significantly higher IOP-lowering effect of a once-daily evening dose of the BTFC compared to that of a once-daily evening administration of the LTFC.",
"There were no statistically significant differences in mean IOP and requirement for glaucoma drugs between APAC eyes treated with ALPI and systemic medications.",
"according to these data, adalimumab provides a clinical and analytical improvement in patients with CD and failure to previous therapy with infliximab.",
"Systemic administration of PEA reduces IOP in patients with glaucoma and ocular hypertension. PEA could be a valuable tool for the treatment of glaucoma (http://www.umin.ac.jp/ctr/index/htm number, UMIN000002833).",
"MB acts slowly against the blood stages of P. falciparum. MB alone needs to be given for at least 7 days to be efficacious in the treatment of falciparum malaria but should be used in combination with a fast acting antimalarial.",
"Given the number of related items, their direction and limited strength of correlation and the difficulty of hypothesizing a causal relation for some items, it is unlikely that further improving knowledge will greatly improve compliance with glaucoma medication. Interventions focused on attitude and discipline may be of more benefit in improving compliance with therapy.",
"This study provides initial evidence that Korean patients with normal-tension glaucoma, treated to lower IOPs, may have a decreased incidence of progression over 5 years than those patients with higher IOPs. More research is required to confirm this finding.",
"Among patients with postinfarction chronic heart failure, shock wave-facilitated intracoronary administration of BMCs vs shock wave treatment alone resulted in a significant, albeit modest, improvement in LVEF at 4 months. Determining whether the increase in contractile function will translate into improved clinical outcomes requires confirmation in larger clinical end point trials.",
"Treatment with the EZE/SIMVA combination appears an effective and safe therapeutic option for patients who do not achieve the LDL-C goals on statin therapy alone.",
"The efficacy of CQ in the treatment of P. vivax infections is declining on the Thai-Myanmar border. DP is an effective alternative treatment.",
"A follow-up study was conducted to determine the magnitude of and factors related to adherence to artemether/lumefantrine (ALu) treatment in rural settings in Tanzania. Children in five villages of Kilosa District treated at health facilities were followed-up at their homes on Day 7 after the first dose of ALu. For those found to be positive using a rapid diagnostic test for malaria and treated with ALu, their caretakers were interviewed on drug administration habits. In addition, capillary blood samples were collected on Day 7 to determine lumefantrine concentrations. The majority of children (392/444; 88.3%) were reported to have received all doses, in time. Non-adherence was due to untimeliness rather than missing doses and was highest for the last two doses. No significant difference was found between blood lumefantrine concentrations among adherent (median 286 nmol/l) and non-adherent [median 261 nmol/l; range 25 nmol/l (limit of quantification) to 9318 nmol/l]. Children from less poor households were more likely to adhere to therapy than the poor [odds ratio (OR)=2.45, 95% CI 1.35-4.45; adjusted OR=2.23, 95% CI 1.20-4.13]. The high reported rate of adherence to ALu in rural areas is encouraging and needs to be preserved to reduce the risk of emergence of resistant strains. The age-based dosage schedule and lack of adherence to ALu treatment guidelines by health facility staff may explain both the huge variability in observed lumefantrine concentrations and the lack of difference in concentrations between the two groups.",
"Health care providers should be cognisant of gender-specific differences in an attempt to individualise and, hence, optimise the management of patients with chronic AF and reduce potential morbidity and mortality.",
"Although this study failed to meet its primary endpoint, this is the first large-scale study of PNS of the occipital nerves in CM patients that showed significant reductions in pain, headache days, and migraine-related disability. Additional controlled studies using endpoints that have recently been identified and accepted as clinically meaningful are warranted in this highly disabled patient population with a large unmet medical need.",
"Occult pneumothorax is defined as a pneumothorax that is detected by abdominal computed tomographic (CT) scanning, but not routine supine screening chest roentgenograms. Forty trauma patients with occult pneumothorax were prospectively randomized to management with tube thoracostomy (n = 19) or observation (n = 21) without regard to the possible need for positive pressure ventilation, to test the hypothesis that tube thoracostomy is unnecessary in this entity. Eight of the 21 patients observed had progression of their pneumothoraces on positive pressure ventilation, with three developing tension pneumothorax. None of the patients with tube thoracostomy suffered major complications as a result of the procedure. Hospital and ICU lengths of stay were not increased by tube thoracostomy. Patients with occult pneumothorax who require positive pressure ventilation should undergo tube thoracostomy.",
"In patients with permanent AF, successful strict rate control does not improve outcome. Therefore, lenient rate control might be frontline therapy.",
"Baseline studies of 111Indium oxine labelled platelet life-span, platelet alpha-granule release products, beta-thromboglobulin (beta TG) and platelet factor 4 (PF4), and factor VIII related activities were performed on 9 asymptomatic patients with sickle cell disease, who were subsequently randomised in a prospective double-blind trial of ticlopidine (250 mg. b. d.) or placebo for one month and the investigations repeated. Control studies indicated that 5 of the 9 patients had shortened platelet survivals: mean beta TG (50.8 ng/ml) and PF4 (19.5 ng/ml), factor VIII:C (283.4 i.u./dl) and factor VIIIR:AG (168.7 u/dl) levels were raised. Ticlopidine treatment did not significantly improve platelet life-span or factor VIII levels, though it was associated with reduced values of beta TG and PF4. One patient taking ticlopidine developed an infarctive sickle crisis. Although ticlopidine blocked platelet activation, this alone did not improve platelet survival or prevent sickle crisis: in view of evidence of platelet activation in sickle cell disease, however, a longer trial of prophylactic antiplatelet drugs might be warranted.",
"Vernakalant hydrochloride is a novel, relatively atrial-selective antiarrhythmic agent that rapidly converts atrial fibrillation (AF) to sinus rhythm (SR). This analysis integrates pharmacokinetic (PK) and safety data from 5 clinical trials of patients with AF or atrial flutter (AFL). Patients were initially given a 10-min intravenous (IV) infusion of vernakalant 3 mg/kg or placebo. If SR was not evident after a 15-min observation, then a second 10-min IV infusion of vernakalant 2 mg/kg or placebo was given. Population pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic (PK/PD) models were constructed for QT interval prolongation corrected for heart rate by Fridericia's formula (QTcF) and for changes in systolic blood pressure (SBP). The exposure-response relationships for QTcF and SBP were best described by sigmoidal maximum-effect (E (max)) models. For QTcF, the model was characterized by a typical E (max) of 20.3 ms, and by a vernakalant median effective concentration dependent (EC₅₀) on conversion status (4,222 ng/ml for patients converting to SR and 2,276 ng/ml for those remaining in AF/AFL). For SBP, the model was characterized by E (max) of 3.05 mmHg and EC₅₀ of 1,141 ng/ml. Risk of hypotension (SBP <90 mmHg) was primarily associated with low baseline SBP and to a smaller extent with a history of congestive heart failure (CHF); plasma vernakalant concentrations showed a small contribution to the risk of hypotension (relative risk = 1.4 at 4,000 ng/ml), which may be significant with a baseline SBP of <105 mmHg. These results show that vernakalant had a smaller effect on QTcF in patients who demonstrated conversion to SR than those remaining in AF or AFL, and it had a relatively small effect on SBP.",
"null",
"Based on our IVCM data, preservative-free beta-blocker gel induces less changes at ocular surface than preserved beta-blockers, a fact that should be considered to obtain less adverse effects and maximal adherence to treatment in a chronic condition such as glaucoma.",
"Major and macular BRVOs are 2 distinct clinical entities, and initial visual status and final visual outcome in the 2 types are quite different. Overall, on resolution of macular edema, our study suggests that in both major and macular BRVO, VA and visual fields improved to a variable degree in the majority of eyes without any treatment.",
"The one-year prevalence of migraine in Spain is 12.6%, with a prevalence of migraine with and without aura of 8.4% and probable migraine of 4.2%. These findings add data to the current understanding of migraine.",
"In this randomized prospective study, the ILR strategy proved largely superior to conventional follow-up in detecting recurrent events, with a potential impact on therapeutic management. This observation highlights the usefulness of early monitoring in patients with BBB and negative EPS even after the first syncope episode but an empiric pacemaker strategy remains to be validated in this selected population.",
"Diabetic ketosis without acidosis and DKA patients share similar clinical characteristics; DKWA should be considered ketosis-prone type 2 diabetes. Therefore, the prevalence of ketosis-prone type 2 diabetes might be underestimated.",
"These data indicate oral anticoagulation use is lower in stroke patients with atrial fibrillation in China than that in Western countries, being applied more often in those of younger age, nonmanual occupation, and having less cardiovascular risk factors.",
"Heart rate reduction with ivabradine is effective and safe in heart transplant recipients. After 12 months, significant effects on LVMI were observed. Therefore, ivabradine may offer a beneficial effect on left ventricular remodelling in HTX patients.",
"The World Health Organization (WHO) recently issued revised first-line antituberculosis (anti-TB) drug dosage recommendations for children. No pharmacokinetic studies for these revised dosages are available for children <2 years. The aim of the study was to document the pharmacokinetics of the first-line anti-TB agents in children <2 years of age comparing previous and revised WHO dosages of isoniazid (INH; 5 versus 10 mg/kg/day), rifampin (RMP; 10 versus 15 mg/kg/day), and pyrazinamide (PZA; 25 versus 35 mg/kg/day) and to investigate the effects of clinical covariates, including HIV coinfection, nutritional status, age, gender, and type of tuberculosis (TB), and the effect of NAT2 acetylator status. Serum INH, PZA, and RMP levels were prospectively assessed in 20 children <2 years of age treated for TB following the previous and the revised WHO dosage recommendations. Samples were taken prior to dosing and at 0.5, 1.5, 3, and 5 h following dosing. The maximum drug concentration in serum (C(max)), the time to C(max) (t(max)), and the area under the concentration-time curve (AUC) were calculated. Eleven children had pulmonary and 9 had extrapulmonary TB. Five were HIV infected. The mean C(max) (μg/ml) following the administration of previous/revised dosages were as follows: INH, 3.19/8.11; RMP, 6.36/11.69; PZA, 29.94/47.11. The mean AUC (μg·h/ml) were as follows: INH, 8.09/20.36; RMP, 17.78/36.95; PZA, 118.0/175.2. The mean C(max) and AUC differed significantly between doses. There was no difference in the t(max) values achieved. Children less than 2 years of age achieve target concentrations of first-line anti-TB agents using revised WHO dosage recommendations. Our data provided supportive evidence for the implementation of the revised WHO guidelines for first-line anti-TB therapy in young children.",
"Vitamin A supplementation improves status, which may protect against malarial infection. Provitamin A carotenoid biofortified staple crops may provide a more sustainable approach to alleviate vitamin A deficiency than supplementation, but the impact of febrile illness on food intake must be considered in malaria endemic regions. Morbidity data and food logs from a three-month efficacy trial on provitamin A biofortified (orange) maize in preschool Zambian children (n = 181, age 3-5 years) were systematically analyzed over time to determine the impact of malaria on food intake. Nutrients examined included macronutrients, iron, zinc, and vitamin A. Comparisons based on individual intakes in healthy and malarial states over three-day intervals were made including children from both the orange and white maize groups (n = 100). Malaria prevalence did not differ overall or between treatment groups over time (all P > 0.05). Lower nutrient intakes were observed for all variables during malaria outbreaks (food 289 ± 412 g; energy 248 ± 346 kcal; carbohydrate 42 ± 62 g; protein 8 ± 12 g; fat 5 ± 7 g; iron 1 ± 2 mg; zinc 1 ± 1 mg; vitamin A 58 ± 100 retinol activity equivalents; all P < 0.05). No differences were observed between nutrient decreases in orange and white maize groups (P > 0.05). Considering the impact of malaria on food and nutrient intakes and increased vitamin A utilization and excretion due to the acute phase response, biofortification targets for provitamin A carotenoids may need to be elevated in malaria endemic regions.",
"Conventional indirect drug susceptibility testing of Mycobacterium tuberculosis with liquid medium is well established and offers time-saving and reliable results. This multicenter study was carried out to evaluate if drug susceptibility testing (DST) can be successfully carried out directly from processed smear-positive specimens (direct DST) and if this approach could offer substantial time savings. Sputum specimens were digested, decontaminated, and concentrated by the laboratory routine procedure and were inoculated in Bactec MGIT 960 as well as Lowenstein-Jensen (LJ) medium for primary isolation. All the processed specimens which were acid-fast bacterium (AFB) smear positive were used for setting up direct DST for isoniazid (INH) and rifampin (RIF). After the antimicrobial mixture of polymyxin B, amphotericin B, nalidixic acid, trimethoprim, and azlocillin (PANTA) was added, the tubes were entered in the MGIT 960 instrument using the 21-day protocol (Bactec 960 pyrazinamide [PZA] protocol). Results obtained by direct DST were compared with those obtained by indirect DST to establish accuracy and time savings by this approach. Of a total of 360 AFB smear-positive sputum specimens set up for direct DST at four sites in three different countries, 307 (85%) specimens yielded reportable results. Average reporting time for direct DST was 11 days (range, 10 to 12 days). The average time savings by direct DST compared to indirect DST, which included time to isolate a culture and perform DST, was 8 days (range, 6 to 9 days). When results of direct DST were compared with those of indirect DST, there was 95.1% concordance with INH and 96.1% with rifampin. These findings indicate that direct DST with the Bactec MGIT 960 system offers further time savings and is a quick method to reliably detect multidrug resistance (MDR) cases.",
"Flunarizine proved to be as effective as topiramate in the treatment of chronic migraine without medication abuse.",
"Compared with prospective randomized trials of warfarin treatment, TTR in the AuriculA population was higher. Complications were low, probably due to the organization of anticoagulation treatment in Sweden. Use of the AuriculA dosing programme could have contributed to the results by keeping dosing regimens consistent over all centres.",
"The euroSCORE II and ACEF scores are good predictors of perioperative mortality in patients undergoing isolated or associated mitral valve surgery, with better discrimination for the first and better calibration for the second. No algorithm seems suitable for risk estimation in mid and high-risk patients.",
"Although three-port thoracoscopic surgery for PSP is well established, SITS results in better patient satisfaction and decreased postoperative pain in the treatment of PSP.",
"Using the novel irrigated tip SF catheter, PVI is achieved within a shorter ablation and procedural durations. The underlying mechanisms and potential differences in RF lesion size remain to be elucidated.",
"Many cross-sectional studies show an inverse association between dietary magnesium and insulin resistance, but few longitudinal studies examine the ability to meet the Recommended Dietary Allowance (RDA) for magnesium intake through food and its effect on insulin resistance among participants with metabolic syndrome (MetS). The dietary intervention study examined this question in 234 individuals with MetS. Magnesium intake was assessed using 24-h dietary recalls at baseline, 6, and 12 months. Fasting glucose and insulin levels were collected at each time point; and insulin resistance was estimated by the homeostasis model assessment (HOMA-IR). The relation between magnesium intake and HOMA-IR was assessed using linear mixed models adjusted for covariates. Baseline magnesium intake was 287 ± 93 mg/day (mean ± standard deviation), and HOMA-IR, fasting glucose and fasting insulin were 3.7 ± 3.5, 99 ± 13 mg/dL, and 15 ± 13 μU/mL, respectively. At baseline, 6-, and 12-months, 23.5%, 30.4%, and 27.7% met the RDA for magnesium. After multivariate adjustment, magnesium intake was inversely associated with metabolic biomarkers of insulin resistance (P < 0.01). Further, the likelihood of elevated HOMA-IR (>3.6) over time was 71% lower [odds ratio (OR): 0.29; 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.12, 0.72] in participants in the highest quartile of magnesium intake than those in the lowest quartile. For individuals meeting the RDA for magnesium, the multivariate-adjusted OR for high HOMA-IR over time was 0.37 (95% CI: 0.18, 0.77). These findings indicate that dietary magnesium intake is inadequate among non-diabetic individuals with MetS and suggest that increasing dietary magnesium to meet the RDA has a protective effect on insulin resistance.",
"Among known risk factors, higher levels of HbA1c were associated with cerebral WMD in stroke patients. This may suggest that chronic disturbance of glycemia measured by HbA1c plays a role in the pathophysiology of WMD.",
"The oxidant-antioxidant balance disorders underlie a number of acute and chronic diseases of the central nervous system (CNS). It is believed that oxidative stress plays a role in the pathogenesis of migraine. The study objective was to assess the processes of lipid peroxidation with malondialdehyde (MDA) as its major indicator and to determine the activities of antioxidant enzymes: superoxide dismutase (SOD), glutathione peroxidase (GSH-Px) and glutathione reductase (GSSG-R) in the serum and erythrocytes of patients at developmental age with migraine with and without aura. The study group consisted of 34 patients at the age of 10-18 years (mean +/- standard deviation: 14.04 +/- 2.29 years), suffering from migraine. The control group included 38 patients, aged 4-17 years (mean age 12.11 +/- 3.46). MDA concentration and activities of SOD, GSH-Px and GSSG-R were determined in serum and erythrocytes of all the patients. In the migraine group, the MDA levels in serum and erythrocytes were statistically significantly lower than in control subjects (p < 0.001). In the migraine group, serum GSH-Px activity was significantly higher (p < 0.05). The GSSG-R activity in the erythrocytes of migraine children was significantly higher compared to controls (p < 0.001). SOD activity was decreased and GSH-Px was increased (non-significantly) in erythrocytes of migraineurs. Our results confirm the disturbances of lipid peroxidation processes in migraine and suggest the activation of antioxidant mechanisms. Its important indicator seems to be the increase in the GSSG-R activity in the erythrocytes and the GSH-Px activity in serum between migraine attacks. Further studies are necessary.",
"Real-time cardiopulmonary resuscitation guidance significantly increased adherence to the guidelines by medical students treating simulated out-of-hospital cardiac arrest. Using a simple tool such as a countdown timer makes it possible to reduce the number of inappropriate shock intervals and time without chest compression.",
"LA is a safe and effective approach in most patients with adrenal pathology. Benefits include excellent operative exposure and visualization, less postoperative pain, shorter hospital stay and convalescent period, and improved cosmetic result. Pheochromocytoma is not a contraindication to LA. Patients with large adrenal tumors (larger than 6 cm), evidence of venous involvement, or invasion into surrounding tissue should be approached cautiously.",
"Clinically significant reflex bradycardia occurred with a relatively high frequency during gastrectomy. Although desflurane is associated with sympathetic activation, it did not provide a protective effect against vagally mediated reflex bradycardia during gastrectomy compared with sevoflurane.",
"anzctr.org.au Identifier: ACTRN12610000024044.",
"Our data show that BCG vaccination may be effective in protecting children against Mycobacterium tuberculosis infection. To restrict use of IFN-γ release assays to children with positive skin tests risks underestimating latent infection.",
"In atrial fibrillation patients with stable coronary artery disease, the addition of antiplatelet therapy to VKA therapy is not associated with a reduction in risk of recurrent coronary events or thromboembolism, whereas risk of bleeding is increased significantly. The common practice of adding antiplatelet therapy to oral VKA anticoagulation in patients with atrial fibrillation and stable coronary artery disease warrants reassessment.",
"Clinical factors such as tall stature, lean body mass, obstructive sleep apnea, alcohol or caffeine, smoking, endurance sports, and genetic factors are proposed as risk factors for lone atrial fibrillation (LAF). The KORAF (KORean Atrial Fibrillation) study is a retrospective multicenter registry that enrolled 3,570 consecutive atrial fibrillation (AF) patients. Data on risk factors were available for 2,133 patients, of whom 398 (18.7%) were identified as having LAF. In univariate analysis, patients with LAF were more likely to be men (82.4% vs 59.8%, P < 0.001) and current smokers (25.9% vs 15.6%, P < 0.01), alcohol drinkers (55.3% vs 31.2%, P < 0.01) and frequent consumers of caffeinated beverages (> 2 cups/day) (31.7% vs 19.3%, P < 0.01), and have a family history of AF (9.0% vs 2.6%, P < 0.001) than the non-LAF patients. Multivariate analysis showed that male gender (OR, 2.30; 95% CI, 1.61-3.27, P < 0.01), family history of AF (OR, 3.12; 95% CI, 1.91-5.12, P < 0.01), current alcohol use (OR, 2.01; 95% CI, 1.46-2.76, P < 0.01), and frequent caffeinated beverage consumption (OR, 1.66; 95% CI, 1.20-2.29, P < 0.01) were independently associated with LAF. In Korean patients, LAF is more closely associated with male gender, family history of AF, current alcohol and frequent caffeinated beverage consumption than non-LAF.",
"Removal of chest tubes at the end of expiration leads to a lower incidence of non-clinically significant pneumothorax than at the end of inspiration. Because of these findings, this study was closed early and was thus underpowered for finding a statistically significant difference in the rare (1%-3%) clinically significant pneumothoraces.",
"The median duration of follow-up was 1.8 years. The rate of the primary outcome was 1.27% per year in the apixaban group, as compared with 1.60% per year in the warfarin group (hazard ratio with apixaban, 0.79; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.66 to 0.95; P<0.001 for noninferiority; P=0.01 for superiority). The rate of major bleeding was 2.13% per year in the apixaban group, as compared with 3.09% per year in the warfarin group (hazard ratio, 0.69; 95% CI, 0.60 to 0.80; P<0.001), and the rates of death from any cause were 3.52% and 3.94%, respectively (hazard ratio, 0.89; 95% CI, 0.80 to 0.99; P=0.047). The rate of hemorrhagic stroke was 0.24% per year in the apixaban group, as compared with 0.47% per year in the warfarin group (hazard ratio, 0.51; 95% CI, 0.35 to 0.75; P<0.001), and the rate of ischemic or uncertain type of stroke was 0.97% per year in the apixaban group and 1.05% per year in the warfarin group (hazard ratio, 0.92; 95% CI, 0.74 to 1.13; P=0.42).",
"Treatment with lisinopril and losartan in nephrotic patients with idiopathic membranous nephropathy results in similar (and significant) effects on renal function, hypoalbuminaemia, proteinuria and blood pressure.",
"null",
"Dutch Cancer Society, European Union 6th Framework Program, Fondo Investigaciones Sanitarias, Fundación Mutua Madrileña, and Red Temática de Investigación Cooperativa en Cáncer.",
"We compared the ocular hypotensive effect for 24 hours and the tolerability of latanoprost stored at 4 degrees C and 30 degrees C. Seventeen healthy volunteers were included in this crossover trial. Latanoprost 0.005% (Xalatan) was stored at 4 degrees C or 30 degrees C for 4 weeks in the dark. The subjects enrolled to the study were randomly assigned to receive either latanoprost stored at 4 degrees C or that stored at 30 degrees C. The eye drop was applied to the right eye of each subject for 3 days. The left eye served as a control without administration. Slit-lamp biomicroscopy and circadian intra ocular pressure (IOP) curve was performed at Day 3, every 3 hours from 6 pm. This procedure was repeated 7 days after changing the drug from 4 degrees C to 30 degrees C or vice versa, and application to the left eye for 3 days. Eyes treated with latanoprost, stored both at 4 degrees C and 30 degrees C, achieved statistically significantly lower mean IOPs than untreated eyes at all time points, except at 21 hours treated by the drug stored at 30 degrees C. We subtracted the IOP of eyes receiving latanoprost from the IOP of untreated eyes for each time point to evaluate the efficacy of the eye drops (delta IOP). There were no statistically significant differences between the delta IOPs with the drug stored at 4 degrees C and 30 degrees C. During the study, no subject developed a serious adverse event. These results suggest that latanoprost stored at 30 degrees C for 4 weeks after opening the bottle remains as effective and safe as latanoprost stored under cold conditions.",
"Although not 100%, PQ is effective in preventing recurrence. Total doses of 210 and 75 mg are equally effective, but 75 mg alone has been evaluated in India, where P. vivax seems to respond better to PQ than elsewhere. The effect of place in the proportion of recurrences seems evident, even using the same total dose. The role of follow-up time is not clear. Although the standard regimen has an average effectiveness of 90% or more, alternative regimens should be assessed.",
"Iatrogenic pneumothorax is a life-threatening complication seen in 3% of ICU patients. Incorporating risk factors for IP into preventive strategies should reduce the occurrence of IP.",
"In this study, patients with uncontrolled symptomatic PAF at baseline had an inferior QoL to those with controlled symptomatic PAF. Following treatment with controlled-release flecainide acetate, their QoL improved to a level comparable to controlled patients.",
"This multicenter study demonstrated that nonvalvular AF is significantly correlated with symptomatic GERD. This small sample survey warrants a future study of a large-scale cohort.",
"With CT as the criterion standard, US is more sensitive than flat AP chest radiography in the diagnosis of traumatic PTX. Furthermore, US allowed sonologists to differentiate between small, medium, and large PTXs with good agreement with CT results.",
"Scheduled short-term preventive frovatriptan therapy effectively reduced the occurrence of menstrual migraine in women with attacks occurring exclusively in association with menstruation.",
"IT increases serum SHBG likely through improving insulin resistance and liver function.",
"3DSTE-derived "uni-dimensional" LS, RS, CS, as well as novel strain parameters (3DS, AS) are significantly reduced in patients with AF compared to matched controls. 3DS and AS might be new strain parameters providing further insights into the alterations of LA function in patients developing AF.",
"Tritiated yohimbine binding was used to estimate platelet membrane alpha 2-adrenoceptor characteristics in normal subjects (n = 12) and patients with essential hypertension (n = 30), primary hyperaldosteronism (n = 10) and phaeochromocytoma (n = 10). There was a 20-fold increase in mean levels of resting norepinephrine and epinephrine in the phaeochromocytoma group. Total binding sites (Bmax) and dissociation constant (Kd) for 3H-yohimbine did not differ significantly among the four groups. Following curative surgery for phaeochromocytoma, plasma catecholamine levels were normalized but the Bmax remained unchanged. Following surgery for primary hyperaldosteronism, levels of plasma norepinephrine rose but Bmax was not changed. In all but the phaeochromocytoma patients, Bmax values correlated positively (r = 0.437, n = 48, P less than 0.01) with resting plasma norepinephrine. A significant negative correlation was observed between the change in plasma norepinephrine in response to postural change and resting Bmax. Treatment for 2-4 weeks with guanabenz or bethanidine induced a parallel fall in both Bmax and plasma norepinephrine. Treatment with reserpine was followed by a comparable fall in plasma norepinephrine, but Bmax values were unchanged. The findings support the view that platelet alpha 2-adrenoceptor density is functionally regulated in parallel with sympathetic nerve activity rather than circulating catecholamine levels, although it is not known which neuronal substance(s) may participate in this regulation.",
"Despite greater co-morbidity burden, MI patients with prior PCI had lower mortality compared with patients undergoing their first intervention. Among patients with prior PCI, patients undergoing PCI to a previously treated culprit lesion were associated with lower mortality than those being intervened for a de novo culprit. A better understanding of these differences will help improve procedural strategies and outcomes of patients undergoing PCI of a previously treated lesion.",
"The study results highlighted the low risk of neurocognitive deficits after MV repair. A substantial improvement in the patients' neurocognitive assessment and QoL, from the preoperative condition to the three-month follow up after surgery, was observed. However, the small number of patients demonstrating a clear cognitive decline made it difficult to identify causative factors for POCD.",
"Women with PAD and claudication, particularly those with diabetes, represent a vulnerable subgroup of patients who respond poorly to a program of exercise rehabilitation. Diabetic women with PAD and claudication may need a greater dose of exercise or another intervention separate from or in combination with exercise to elicit improvements in claudication measures that are similar to nondiabetic women and to diabetic and nondiabetic men.",
"In patients with beta-hemoglobinopathies butyrate, a natural fatty acid, can significantly and rapidly increase fetal-globin production to levels that can ameliorate beta-globin disorders. Further trials of this class of compounds are warranted to determine long-term tolerance and efficacy in patients with sickle cell anemia or beta-thalassemia.",
"We have administered Isobutyramide as a suspension over a period of 3 months, from a starting dose of 50 mg/kg/day up to 150 mg/kg/day, to four adult sickle cell (SS) anemia patients. The maximum dose was maintained for 3 weeks. The blood counts remained stable and the Hb F levels decreased slightly. The G gamma levels increased at the end of the trial, suggesting activation of the G gamma gene at the highest dose of Isobutyramide. Three patients showed a stable rate of hemolysis, while in one patient, an increase of lactate dehydrogenase occurred. None of the patients experienced pain crisis or organ-specific crisis, but all four complained about mild epigastric burning and a bitter taste. After the first month of treatment one patient complained about intolerable epigastric discomfort which was relieved by Omeprazole. Another patient complained about increasing dyspepsia in the 12th week leading to the termination of the trial. Oral Isobutyramide administration does not qualify as an effective treatment of SS patients.",
"LA scar quantified automatically by a simple objective method correlates with colocated endocardial voltage. Greater preablation scar is associated with LA dilatation and AF recurrence.",
"Women with headache should be considered at risk for adverse perinatal outcomes and should, therefore, be included in a high-risk pregnancy protocol of care throughout pregnancy.",
"IPTp with SP increases the prevalence of resistance markers in the placenta and in HIV-infected women at delivery, which suggests that host immunity is key for the clearance of drug-resistant infections. However, this effect of IPTp is limited to the period when blood levels of SP are likely to be significant and does not translate into more-severe infections or adverse clinical outcomes.",
"The presence of atypical P-wave morphology recorded is independently associated with a favorable echocardiographic cardiac remodeling response to CRT.",
"Human cardiac 11β-HSD2 activity appears too low to inactivate cortisol to cortisone. Cortisol is displaced acutely from the myocardium by MR antagonists and may contribute to adverse MR activation in human heart.",
"Home visits combined with record surveillance detected significantly more cases than record surveillance with a single study-end visit. The TB case profile did not differ significantly between the two groups.",
"Diltiazem increases systemic exposure to simvastatin via inhibition of CYP3A. This study assessed the impact of this interaction on the lipid-lowering effects of simvastatin. Chinese patients with hypercholesterolemia were randomized to receive simvastatin 20 mg daily alone or together with diltiazem 60 mg 3 times daily for 4 weeks with a washout period of 4 weeks in an open-label, crossover study. Blood pressure, fasting serum lipid profile, and safety tests were determined at baseline and after each treatment period. Trough serum diltiazem was measured at the end of the 4-week combination treatment. In the 30 patients who completed the study, simvastatin treatment significantly reduced low-density lipoprotein cholesterol by mean (± standard error) 41.0% ± 2.2% (P < .001), and the combination with diltiazem showed an additional reduction of 1.66% (95% confidence interval: -4.63 to 7.96, P > .05). The additional change in low-density lipoprotein cholesterol with diltiazem showed a nonsignificant positive correlation with the trough serum diltiazem concentration (R(2) = 0.142, P = .058). Co-administration of diltiazem 60 mg 3 times daily with simvastatin 20 mg daily tended to increase the changes in lipid parameters in these Chinese subjects, but the effects did not reach significance.",
"During, atorvastatin and placebo treatment, inhibition of nitric oxide synthesis induced the same response in brachial and central blood pressure, GFR, renal tubular function and vasoactive hormones. Thus, atorvastatin did not change nitric oxide availability in type 2 diabetics with nephropathy.",
"The left atrial diameter determined at transplantation predicted overall and cardiac mortality. Patients with widely enlarged left atria exhibit a considerably reduced life expectancy. It remains to be determined, however, whether renal transplantation is futile in these patients.",
"ANQ is non-inferior to CQ-PQ in terms of patients free of recurrence, and safer than CQ-PQ.",
"Our results suggested that oral administration of BCACs may induce a beneficial decrease in IOP levels in healthy subjects as well as in patients with glaucoma.",
"In previously monotherapy-treated, uncontrolled patients with hypertension, zofenopril 30-60 mg + HCTZ 12.5 mg is as effective as irbesartan 150-300 mg plus HCTZ 12.5 mg, with the added value of a potential protective effect against vascular inflammation.",
"This study compares the clinical effectiveness of somatic and ear acupuncture for treatment of migraine without aura. 35 patients were divided into 2 groups, one receiving somatic and the other ear acupuncture. Both groups were treated once a week for 8 weeks and needles were stimulated manually. The severity of pain was evaluated with the Migraine Index and the visual analogue of Scott-Huskisson; other 2 tests were used to monitor the pain threshold and Zung's Self-rating Depression Scale was applied to assess variations in patients' mood. These tests were performed before the beginning and at the end of treatment and, for the follow up, after 1, 3 and 6 months from the end of therapy. On the basis of the migraine index, pain at the end of therapy was significantly lower than before the treatment, being residual pain 54.83% and 63.43%, respectively for somatic and ear acupuncture. Apparently, the 2 treatments were equally effective, as no significant difference could be assessed. On the contrary, a significant difference between the 2 groups was clear during the follow up: in fact, after 6 months residual pain was 16.80% and 48.83% for somatic and ear acupuncture, respectively (p=0.038). These results were confirmed by the Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) test and by the evaluation of pain threshold. It is noteworthy that also Zung's depression test showed a significant decrease of score was present in both groups, at all the times investigated with no difference between the two treatments. These results, though preliminary, are quite promising in supporting the effectiveness of ear acupuncture for treatment of migraine without aura.",
"51 patients meeting eligibility criteria were enrolled: 25 were randomised to ELC for 1 min and 26 to ELC for 3 min in the intervention eye. The pooled IOP-lowering difference (95% CI, p value) in intervention versus control eyes was 0.24 mm Hg (-0.5 to 0.9, p=0.50), 0.24 mm Hg (-0.7 to 1.2, p=0.61) and 0.24 mm Hg (-0.7 to 1.2, p=0.61) in the overall group, 1 min ELC subgroup and 3 min ELC subgroup, respectively. The effect of ELC did not change significantly across visits.",
"This study demonstrated a strong correlation between low frequency HRV, plasma norepinephrine, arterial blood pressure, and heart rate during pheochromocytoma surgery.",
"Mirtazapine appears to be relatively benign in overdose, associated with tachycardia, mild hypertension and mild CNS depression not requiring intervention.",
"Treatment with autologous bone marrow stem cells is easy and effective as it reversed the production and effect of anti pancreatic islet antibody and significantly resulted in an increased c-peptide concentration.",
"Although referring to a small number of patients, our data show that topical capsaicin may relieve arterial pain in absence of and during a migraine attack in a substantial number of patients experiencing scalp arterial tenderness. More active capsacinoids might be tried in the future and could provide a new method for treating migraine attacks.",
"In patients surviving a MI with reduced left ventricular systolic function, new-onset AF is associated with a significantly increased risk of developing ventricular brady- and tachyarrhythmias.",
"null",
"In the primary analysis, the primary end point occurred in 188 patients in the rivaroxaban group (1.7% per year) and in 241 in the warfarin group (2.2% per year) (hazard ratio in the rivaroxaban group, 0.79; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.66 to 0.96; P<0.001 for noninferiority). In the intention-to-treat analysis, the primary end point occurred in 269 patients in the rivaroxaban group (2.1% per year) and in 306 patients in the warfarin group (2.4% per year) (hazard ratio, 0.88; 95% CI, 0.74 to 1.03; P<0.001 for noninferiority; P=0.12 for superiority). Major and nonmajor clinically relevant bleeding occurred in 1475 patients in the rivaroxaban group (14.9% per year) and in 1449 in the warfarin group (14.5% per year) (hazard ratio, 1.03; 95% CI, 0.96 to 1.11; P=0.44), with significant reductions in intracranial hemorrhage (0.5% vs. 0.7%, P=0.02) and fatal bleeding (0.2% vs. 0.5%, P=0.003) in the rivaroxaban group.",
"A 4-month regimen of gatifloxacin with rifampin, isoniazid, and pyrazinamide is being evaluated for the treatment of tuberculosis in a phase 3 randomized controlled trial (OFLOTUB). A prior single-dose study found that gatifloxacin exposure increased by 14% in the combination. The aims of the study are to evaluate the initial and steady-state pharmacokinetics of gatifloxacin when daily doses are given to patients with newly diagnosed drug-sensitive pulmonary tuberculosis as part of a combination regimen and to evaluate the gatifloxacin dose with respect to the probability of attaining a pharmacokinetic/pharmacodynamic target. We describe the population pharmacokinetics of gatifloxacin from the first dose to a median of 28 days in 169 adults enrolled in the OFLOTUB trial in Benin, Guinea, Senegal, and South Africa. The probability of achieving a ratio of ≥125 for the area under the concentration time curve to infinity (AUC0-∞) for the free fraction of gatifloxacin over the MIC (fAUC/MIC) was investigated using Monte Carlo simulations. The median AUC0-∞ of 41.2 μg · h/ml decreased on average by 14.3% (90% confidence interval [CI], -90.5% to +61.5%) following multiple 400-mg daily doses. At steady state, 90% of patients achieved an fAUC/MIC of ≥125 only when the MIC was <0.125 μg/ml. We conclude that systemic exposure to gatifloxacin declines with repeated daily 400-mg doses when used together with rifampin, isoniazid, and pyrazinamide, thus compensating for any initial increase in gatifloxacin levels due to a drug interaction. (The OFLOTUB study has been registered at ClinicalTrials.gov under registration no. NCT00216385.).",
"Investigated group consisted of 28 patients (21 female and 7 male) with pheochromocytoma in mean age of 39.9 +/- 13 years, while control group comprised 25 healthy volunteers in mean age 36.0 +/- 7.2 years. Following parameters were determined: plasma and blood viscosity, erythrocyte and platelets aggregation, erythrocyte deformability, hematocrit, beta-thromboglobulin plasma concentration, plasma fibrinogen concentration, lipids concentration, noradrenaline, adrenaline, serotonin, neuropeptide Y plasma concentrations. Plasma fibrinogen and beta-thromboglobulin were increased in pheochromocytoma before surgery after pharmacological treatment and also after excision of the tumor. Whereas altered erythrocyte deformability before any treatment, only. Plasma neuropeptide Y concentration was higher in pheochromocytoma before surgery and after pharmacological treatment. There was no correlation between plasma catecholamines, plasma fibrinogen, beta-thromboglobulin, and erythrocyte deformability. Our results suggest that rheological abnormalities observed in patients with pheochromocytoma may contribute to vascular complications in this subjects. Sympathetic nervous system seems to influence indirectly observed rheological abnormalities.",
"QRS duration is greater and fQRS complexes are more frequent in patients with BD. These findings may indicate subclinical cardiac involvement in BD. Given the prognostic significance of ECG parameters, it is reasonable to evaluate patients with BD with prolonged and fQRS complexes more in detail such as late potentials in signal averaged ECG in terms of cardiac involvement.",
"In a double-blinded study we examined the effect of supplementing patient-controlled morphine analgesia with intercostal nerve blockade to identify if this improved analgesia and reduced morphine requirements following renal transplantation. Fifty patients were randomized to receive unilateral intercostal nerve block with either 0.5% bupivacaine or saline to the lower five intercostal nerves. Each block was performed on the side of surgical incision following the completion of surgery. Patients receiving bupivacaine blockade reported reduced pain scores and used less morphine in the initial 4 h following renal transplantation, but did not demonstrate a significant reduction in overall pain scores, total 24 h morphine requirements, or sedation scores. Two patients developed a pneumothorax, neither of which were clinically apparent at the time of diagnosis, and only detected by chest radiography. A chest radiograph should therefore be considered mandatory after intercostal nerve blockade.",
"A fixed combination of travoprost 0.004% and timolol 0.5% produced clinically relevant IOP reductions in patients with open angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension that were comparable to concomitant therapy with its components. Safety and tolerability of the fixed combination were also equivalent to concomitant therapy. Travoprost 0.004%/timolol 0.5% fixed combination offers IOP reduction equivalent to concomitant therapy, with potential benefits that include convenience (fewer bottles and drops per day), improved compliance, cost savings (based on fewer co-payments), and elimination of potential washout effects.",
"ICD efficacy in catecholaminergic polymorphic VT depends on arrhythmia mechanism. Episodes of ventricular fibrillation were uniformly successfully treated, whereas polymorphic and bidirectional VT did not demonstrate successful primary termination. Inappropriate shocks, electrical storm, and ICD complications were common.",
"The use of aseptic, cGMP-compliant P. falciparum-infected mosquitoes is safe, is associated with a precise prepatent period compared to the standard model and appears more efficient than the standard approach, as it led to infection in 100% (6/6) of volunteers exposed to three mosquito bites and 83% (5/6) of volunteers exposed to one mosquito bite.",
"fQRS predicts arrhythmic events in patients with HOCM and should be considered in a model of risk stratification.",
"Although haematopoietic cell transplantation (HCT) is curative for sickle cell anaemia (SCA), concerns about its short- and long-term toxicities limit its application. A potential toxicity is an adverse effect on growth. To identify an HCT growth effect, serial height and weight measurements from 53 children and adolescents with SCA after receiving a transplant were compared to historical controls. Hierarchical Linear Models for longitudinal data were used for analysis. In general growth was not impaired by HCT for SCA in young children; however, diminished growth may occur if HCT is carried out near or during the adolescent growth spurt.",
"Considering the present results, although this study needs further implementation, we can affirm that BPM is a valid option in preventing Frey's syndrome whereas SMAS flap is not available.",
"The results of the multicentre study demonstrate that ASA appears safe and efficacious, with low early mortality. The most frequent major complication after ASA was CHB (17%), which occurred late or was recurrent in almost one-third of these patients; 8% of patients required permanent pacemaker implantation. Independent predictors of CHB development were intraprocedural bundle branch block and age. Difficulty in predicting CHB should lead to close postprocedural monitoring and hospital stays lasting at least 5 days.",
"Some patients with acute myocardial infarction (AMI) have a poor prognosis due to left ventricular remodeling (LVR), resulting in the recurrence of congestive heart failure even when therapy with angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEIs) or angiotensin II type 1 receptor blockers (ARBs) has been initiated. We investigated the effect of early administration of the direct renin inhibitor (DRI) aliskiren in combination with an ACEI or an ARB on LVR using cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) imaging in patients with AMI.Twenty-one consecutive patients were treated with an ACEI or an ARB (non-DRI group), and another 21 consecutive patients received aliskiren 150 mg/day combined with an ACEI or an ARB (DRI group). CMR imaging was performed 7 days after AMI and 10 months later.CMR imaging revealed no significant changes in LV end-systolic volume, LV end-diastolic volume, or LV ejection fraction between the patients with and without DRI aliskiren. In the DRI group, plasma renin activity was significantly lower in both the acute and chronic phases; however, aldosterone levels were significantly lower in the acute but not the chronic phase.A low dose of aliskiren may be insufficient to maintain suppression of aldosterone under current standard therapies with an ACEI or an ARB and β-blocker in patients with primary AMI, and results in no attenuation of LVR.",
"Compared with no shock, those who received their first shock for ventricular rhythms and atrial fibrillation had an increased risk of death. There was no significant difference in survival after inappropriate shocks for sinus tachycardia or noise/artifact/oversensing. In this study, the adverse prognosis after first shock appears to be more related to the underlying arrhythmia than to an adverse effect from the shock itself.",
"As cell delivery may play an important role in chronic IHD, we aim to demonstrate feasibility and efficacy of a combined cell-delivery approach in patients with decreased LV function.",
"Although ECGs are inexpensive, commonly available screening tools, to detect arrhythmias, such as frequent ventricular extrasystoles (VES), Holter tracings should be performed. The frequencies of AV and/or IV conduction abnormalities and septal Q waves/low R waves have not changed since 1985. The unmet need of anti-fibrotic treatment in SSc is underscored by these findings.",
"The treatment of calcified coronary lesions by percutaneous coronary intervention has been shown to be associated with poor outcomes and an increased rate of complications. However, the impact of coronary calcification in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) is unknown. A total of 755 patients presenting with acute coronary syndrome in the Acute Catheterization and Urgent Intervention Triage Strategy trial underwent CABG. Patients were divided into 3 groups according to the presence and extent of coronary calcifications (lesion level: severe, moderate, none to mild) as assessed by an independent angiographic core laboratory. Major ischemic and bleeding outcomes were assessed at 30 days and 1 year. Severe calcification was found in 103 patients (13.6%), moderate calcification in 249 patients (33.0%), and none-to-mild calcification in 403 patients (53.4%). The presence of severe calcification compared with moderate or none to mild was associated with a significantly higher unadjusted rate of death (11.8% vs 3.7% vs 4.5%, p = 0.006), death or myocardial infarction (MI; 31.1% vs 19.7% vs 16.4%, p = 0.006), and major adverse cardiac event (MACE; 32.0% vs 22.6% vs 20.8%, p = 0.059) at 1 year. By multivariate analysis, severe calcification (vs nonsevere calcification) was identified as an independent predictor of 1-year MACE (hazard ratio 1.49, 95% confidence interval 1.01 to 2.21, p = 0.04) and death or MI (hazard ratio 1.77, 95% confidence interval 1.18 to 2.66, p = 0.006). In conclusion, the presence of severe coronary calcification was associated with worse outcomes after CABG, including an increased risk of death. The presence of severe coronary calcification was identified as an independent predictor of MACE and death or MI 1 year after CABG.",
"null",
"The alphaIIbbeta3 antagonist eptifibatide is an effective treatment for patients with acute coronary syndromes (ACS). Platelet reactivity and CD40 ligand (CD40L) may play a role in the pathophysiology of sickle cell anaemia (SCA) similar to that in ACS, suggesting that inhibition of platelet aggregation and CD40L release by eptifibatide may benefit patients with SCA. Following eptifibatide infusion, safety and pharmacodynamic data were obtained from four SCA patients in their non-crisis, steady states. Eptifibatide was well tolerated, with no adverse changes in the haematological, biochemical or coagulation parameters studied. Eptifibatide did not increase plasma levels of platelet factor 4 or beta-thromboglobulin, P-selectin exposure or platelet:leucocyte aggregate formation. Moreover, decreases in platelet aggregation and soluble CD40L (sCD40L) levels achieved in SCA patients were comparable to those observed in the treatment of ACS. Finally, indicators of inflammation, macrophage inflammatory protein-1alpha, tumour necrosis factor-alpha and myoglobin were reduced following eptifibatide infusion, while vasodilation correlatives, matrix metalloproteinases (MMP-2 and MMP-9) and leptin were increased. Based on these phase I results, eptifibatide may benefit SCA patients by inhibiting platelet aggregation, decreasing sCD40L levels and favourably altering plasma levels of inflammatory mediators.",
"In this study, we will assess the effect of starting an CSII together with the model of GSD to determine whether this approach leads to retention of improved glycaemic control, QoL, responsibility distribution and reduced diabetes-related conflicts in the family.",
"Anterior stromal reflectivity may remain increased even when biomicroscopic and confocal images of corneal layers remain normal or have recovered after topical taprenepag. This subclinical measure may be useful to detect a persistent adverse effect of a topical agent on the cornea.",
"In this selected cohort of patients from a previous RCT, perioperative morbidity was strongly (and independently) associated with cancer-specific outcome. It also was associated with delayed initiation of postoperative chemotherapy, the impact of which on survival is unclear.",
"The rate of a bleeding event was 3.8%/year with aspirin and 4.5%/year with apixaban (hazard ratio with apixaban, 1.18; 95% CI, 0.92-1.51; P=0.19). The anatomic site of bleeding did not differ between therapies. Risk factors for bleeding common to apixaban and aspirin were use of nonstudy aspirin>50% of the time and a history of daily/occasional nosebleeds. The rates of both stroke and bleeding increased with higher CHADS2 scores but apixaban compared with aspirin was associated with a similar relative risk of bleeding (P interaction 0.21) and a reduced relative risk of stroke (P interaction 0.37) irrespective of CHADS2 category.",
"Bradycardic complications are rare and usually benign after cardioversion of acute AF. They seem to reflect sinus node dysfunction and often result in later implantation of a permanent pacemaker.",
"Both drops lowered IOP effectively but bimatoprost showed a greater non-significant reductions in mean IOP from baseline.",
"Reducing the use of telemetry on nonindicated days may provide an opportunity for institutions to safely reduce cost as well as staff time and effort, while maintaining and potentially increasing patient safety.",
"Previous phacoemulsification is a prognostic factor for surgical failure of trabeculectomy with mitomycin for open-angle glaucoma.",
"Intravitreal injection of triamcinolone acetonide in neovascular glaucoma did not affect the intermediate-term success of the silicone Ahmed valve nor reduce the incidence of complications. The mean IOP spike in the first month was lower in the triamcinolone group.",
"Both BTFC dosing regimens significantly reduce 24 h IOP in XFG compared with bimatoprost monotherapy. The evening dosing gives rise to statistically better 24 h IOP control and could be considered in these patients.",
"Twelve-week treatment with the combined antihypertensive medication ekvator is highly effective and safe for recovering endothelial function and improving the state of target organs in hypertensive patients with T2DM.",
"Topical ketorolac tromethamine, 0.45%, significantly lowered aqueous IL-8 levels and vitreous IL-8 and PDGF-AA levels in this series of eyes, suggesting that it may cause meaningful inhibition of inflammatory cytokines implicated in the pathogenesis of DR.",
"Sugammadex 4 mg/kg does not cause clinically relevant QTc interval prolongation versus placebo when combined with propofol or sevoflurane.",
"null",
"Diabetic older adults are at a higher risk of muscle strength (MS) decline than their non-diabetic counterparts. Adequate protein and energy intakes and physical activity (PA) may preserve MS during aging. However, the role of diet quality (DQ) in MS maintenance is still unknown. This study aimed to determine the association between DQ - alone or combined with PA - and changes in MS over 3 years in diabetic participants aged 67 to 84 years at recruitment in a secondary analysis of the longitudinal observational NuAge study. Changes in handgrip, knee extensor and elbow flexor strengths were calculated as the difference between recruitment (T1) and after 3 years (T4) in 156 diabetic older adults. Baseline DQ was calculated from 3 non-consecutive 24-hour dietary recalls collected at T1 using the validated Canadian Healthy Eating Index (C-HEI). Change in PA was calculated from Physical Activity Scale for the Elderly (PASE) as PASE T4-PASE T1. Four combinations of variables were created: C-HEI<70 with PASE change either < or > median and C-HEI ≥ 70 with PASE change either < or > median. The association between these four categories and MS maintenance was evaluated using General Linear Modeling (GLM). Analyses were stratified by sex and controlled for covariates. Baseline DQ alone was not associated with MS maintenance. Baseline DQ combined with PASE change showed associations with crude and baseline adjusted handgrip strength (p=0.031, p=0.018) and crude and baseline adjusted elbow flexor change (p=0.028, p=0.017) in males only; no significant results were found for knee extensor strength in either males or females. While findings for females were inconclusive, results demonstrate that better adherence to dietary guidelines combined with a more active lifestyle may prevent MS decline among diabetic older males. Additional research is needed on a larger sample since generalization of these results is limited by the small sample size.",
"This study provides Class II evidence that propranolol LA, added to topiramate, is ineffective in chronic migraine patients who fail topiramate monotherapy.",
"GISSI-HF was a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial testing n-3 PUFA and rosuvastatin vs. corresponding placebos in patients with chronic HF. Atrial fibrillation occurrence was defined as the presence of AF in the electrocardiogram (ECG) performed at each visit during the trial or AF as a cause of worsening HF or hospital admission or as an event during hospitalization. Among the 3690 patients (80.7%) without AF on their baseline ECG, 15.0% developed AF during a median follow-up period of 3.7 years, 258 randomized to rosuvastatin (13.9%) vs. 294 allocated to placebo (16.0%). Although the difference was not significant at unadjusted analysis (P = 0.097) and multivariable analysis adjusting for clinical variables (P = 0.067), it became significant after adjustment for clinical variables and laboratory examinations (P = 0.039), and for clinical variables, laboratory examinations, and background therapies (P = 0.038).",
"Erythropoietin (EPO) was hypothesized to mitigate reperfusion injury, in part via mobilization of endothelial progenitor cells (EPCs). The REVEAL trial found no reduction in infarct size with a single dose of EPO (60,000 U) in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction. In a substudy, we aimed to determine the feasibility of cryopreserving and centrally analyzing EPC levels to assess the relationship between EPC numbers, EPO administration, and infarct size. As a prespecified substudy, mononuclear cells were locally cryopreserved before as well as 24 and 48-72 h after primary percutaneous coronary intervention. EPC samples were collected in 163 of 222 enrolled patients. At least one sample was obtained from 125 patients, and all three time points were available in 83 patients. There were no significant differences in the absolute EPC numbers over time or between EPO- and placebo-treated patients; however, there was a trend toward a greater increase in EPC levels from 24 to 48-72 h postintervention in patients receiving ≥30,000 U of EPO (P = 0.099 for CD133(+) cells, 0.049 for CD34(+) cells, 0.099 for ALDH(br) cells). EPC numbers at baseline were inversely related to infarct size (P = 0.03 for CD133(+) cells, 0.006 for CD34(+) cells). Local whole cell cryopreservation and central EPC analysis in the context of a multicenter randomized trial is feasible but challenging. High-dose (≥30,000 U) EPO may mobilize EPCs at 48-72 h, and baseline EPC levels may be inversely associated with infarct size.",
"Our analyses raises the possibility that ivabradine may be helpful to reduce major cardiovascular events in patients with stable CAD and LVSD who present with limiting angina. However, a large-scale clinical trial is ongoing, which will formally test this hypothesis.",
"A total of 346 infants aged less than 72 hours were randomly allocated to be treated either by high frequency positive pressure ventilation (HFPPV; rate fixed at 60/minute throughout treatment and initial inspiratory:expiratory (I:E) ratio 1:2, increased to 1:1 if necessary) or by low frequency positive pressure ventilation (LFPPV; rate less than or equal to 40/minute and initial I:E ratio usually 1:1, both decreasing during weaning). The main hypotheses were that HFPPV reduces pneumothorax, chronic lung disease and death before discharge in all infants, as well as those with hyaline membrane disease, and that it reduces the incidence of later neurodevelopmental complications in infants of less than 33 weeks' gestation. Among all the infants the rate of pneumothorax was 19% in the HFPPV group and 26% in the LFPPV group (p = 0.13; odds ratio 0.7, 95% confidence intervals (CI) 0.4 to 1.1); there was no difference in mortality or the incidence of chronic lung disease. In infants of less than 33 weeks' gestation there were no differences in adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes. Among the subgroup of 237 infants with hyaline membrane disease, median fractional inspired oxygen at the time of entry to the trial was 0.6 in the HFPPV group and 0.7 in the LFPPV group, indicating that many had moderately severe disease. In patients with hyaline membrane disease HFPPV was associated with a lower rate of pneumothorax (18% in the HFPPV group compared with 33% in the LFPPV group, p = 0.013, odds ratio 0.5, 95% CI 0.3 to 0.8, with no differences in mortality, or in duration of intubation or supplementary oxygen in survivors. As used in this study, HFPPV was the preferred ventilator regimen for infants with hyaline membrane disease.",
"These findings provide a strong basis for the further development of multivalent virosomal malaria peptide vaccines.",
"AR CAG affected the response of some variables to TRT in the TIMES2 study, although the association with HOMA-IR did not reach significance. Various factors may have limited the power of our study to detect the significant associations between AR CAG, testosterone levels and change in variables with testosterone treatment. Analysis of similar data sets from other clinical trials is warranted.",
"Both the fixed combinations significantly reduce 24-hour IOP in POAG. DTFC provided significantly better 24-hour efficacy.",
"A single bolus of hydrocortisone 250 mg IV prior to PVI results in greater radiofrequency requirements for PVI and a higher prevalence of dormant PV conduction unmasked by adenosine. The utility of these approaches requires evaluation in a long-term prospective randomized study.",
"The objective of this study was to evaluate the impact of allodynia on treatment outcomes in the patients with acute migraine treated in the "Act when Mild" (AwM) study. AwM, a randomized placebo-controlled trial, studied almotriptan 12.5 mg in the early treatment (within 1 hr) of acute migraine when the pain was still mild, and investigated clinical outcomes in the presence or absence of allodynia, which was prospectively recorded using patient questionnaires. Of the total population, 39% (n = 404) reported allodynia that did not alter the efficacy of almotriptan administered for early/mild pain in terms of 2-hr pain-free rates (53.9% for allodynic patients vs. 52.5% for nonallodynic patients). Similarly, sustained pain-free rates were 47.2% versus 45.5%, and migraine duration 1.40 versus 1.54 hr, respectively. However, allodynia impaired the effectiveness of almotriptan in the patients with moderate/severe pain in terms of longer migraine duration, fewer patients achieving pain-free status, and more requiring rescue medication. In conclusion, the lack of effect of allodynia on the efficacy of almotriptan given for early/mild migraine pain might help explain the improved outcomes associated with the early-treatment strategy in AwM. Moreover, the data suggest that pain intensity is the main driver of triptan response, and not the presence or absence of allodynia.",
"At a median of 3.6 years of follow-up, major vascular events had occurred in 832 patients receiving clopidogrel (6.8% per year) and in 924 patients receiving placebo (7.6% per year) (relative risk with clopidogrel, 0.89; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.81 to 0.98; P=0.01). The difference was primarily due to a reduction in the rate of stroke with clopidogrel. Stroke occurred in 296 patients receiving clopidogrel (2.4% per year) and 408 patients receiving placebo (3.3% per year) (relative risk, 0.72; 95% CI, 0.62 to 0.83; P<0.001). Myocardial infarction occurred in 90 patients receiving clopidogrel (0.7% per year) and in 115 receiving placebo (0.9% per year) (relative risk, 0.78; 95% CI, 0.59 to 1.03; P=0.08). Major bleeding occurred in 251 patients receiving clopidogrel (2.0% per year) and in 162 patients receiving placebo (1.3% per year) (relative risk, 1.57; 95% CI, 1.29 to 1.92; P<0.001).",
"In this randomized prospective study, the ILR strategy proved largely superior to conventional follow-up in detecting recurrent events, with a potential impact on therapeutic management. This observation highlights the usefulness of early monitoring in patients with BBB and negative EPS even after the first syncope episode but an empiric pacemaker strategy remains to be validated in this selected population.",
"This study provides insight in the exact timing of AF onset in relation to the dialysis procedure itself. In HD patients, AF occurred significantly more often on a dialysis day and especially during HD. These findings might help to elucidate some aspects of the pathophysiology of AF in dialysis patients and could facilitate early detection of AF in these high-risk patients.",
"Our findings of impaired modulation of anticipated pain in migraine suggest a heightened state of anticipatory readiness combined with ineffective recruitment of prefrontal inhibitory pathways during experience of pain; the latter might account for the former, at least partially. In line, less efficient inhibitory capability is a plausible mechanistic explanation for patients' high concern about their upcoming migraine attacks.",
"Bivalirudin, as compared with the control intervention, reduced the risk of the primary outcome (5.1% vs. 8.5%; relative risk, 0.60; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.43 to 0.82; P=0.001) and the principal secondary outcome (6.6% vs. 9.2%; relative risk, 0.72; 95% CI, 0.54 to 0.96; P=0.02). Bivalirudin also reduced the risk of major bleeding (2.6% vs. 6.0%; relative risk, 0.43; 95% CI, 0.28 to 0.66; P<0.001). The risk of acute stent thrombosis was higher with bivalirudin (1.1% vs. 0.2%; relative risk, 6.11; 95% CI, 1.37 to 27.24; P=0.007). There was no significant difference in rates of death (2.9% vs. 3.1%) or reinfarction (1.7% vs. 0.9%). Results were consistent across subgroups of patients.",
"CQ is no longer appropriate by itself or in combination. These findings influenced the replacement of CQ with SP+AS for first-line treatment of uncomplicated falciparum malaria in the WHO Eastern Mediterranean Region. The threat of SP resistance remains as SP monotherapy is still common. Three day AS was superior to single-dose PQ for reducing gametocyte carriage.",
"The purpose of this study was to determine the impact of an antibiotic regimen on the incidence of empyema in patients admitted with isolated chest trauma (ISS 9/10) and hemopneumothorax requiring tube thoracostomy. All patients with isolated chest trauma and hemopneumothorax (estimated ISS 9 or 10) seen in our trauma center were considered eligible for this study. Patients were excluded for the following reasons: age less than 18 years, presence of shock at the time of initial resuscitation, ongoing antibiotic therapy for unrelated disease, documented pre-existing infection or documented abnormal immune status. Ninety patients were randomized to two treatment limbs: antibiotics and tube thoracostomy or tube thoracostomy alone. All patients had the procedure performed in the trauma center in a standard fashion. Wound care and tube care were identical. Antibiotic therapy consisted of a first-generation cephalosporin (cefazolin), one dose given just before the procedure and then q 6 h into the tube removal. Injury Severity Scores were established as described by Schwab after the manner of Baker. Statistical analysis was performed using Fisher's exact test of binary outcome. In this study, antibiotics were able to reduce the incidence of empyema in patients with isolated chest trauma and for such patients antibiotic treatment appears justified. Further work is required to determine the effect on patients with more severe injury and multisystem involvement.",
"Of the patients, 27% were female (age 72.1 ± 12.6 years) and 73% were male (64.2 ± 12.9 years). 46.8% had comorbidities and they were less likely to receive guideline-recommended drug therapy and reperfusion. Heart failure (adjusted OR 1.88; 95% CI 1.57 to 2.25), metastatic tumours (OR 2.25; 95% CI 1.60 to 3.19), renal diseases (OR 1.84; 95% CI 1.60 to 2.11) and diabetes (OR 1.35; 95% CI 1.19 to 1.54) were strong predictors of in-hospital mortality. In this population, CCI weighted the history of prior myocardial infarction higher (1 instead of -0.4, 95% CI -1.2 to 0.3 points) but heart failure (1 instead of 3.7, 95% CI 2.6 to 4.7) and renal disease (2 instead of 3.5, 95% CI 2.7 to 4.4) lower than the benchmark, where all comorbidities, age and gender were used as predictors. However, the model with CCI and age has an identical discrimination to this benchmark (areas under the receiver operating characteristic curves were both 0.76).",
"Clinical studies maintaining P(plat) lower than 35 cmH(2)O found no apparent relationship between ventilatory parameters and pneumothorax. Analysis of the literature suggests a correlation when patients receive mechanical ventilation with P(plat) levels exceeding 35 cmH(2)O.",
"The study design and the long term clinical practice of acupuncturists guarantee a high external validity for the results. The results of our trial will be helpful to supply the evidence on the efficacy of acupuncture for migraine prophylaxis in China.",
"The IOP-lowering effect of PF tafluprost was noninferior to that of PF timolol. PF tafluprost is an efficacious and generally well-tolerated ocular hypotensive agent.",
"In patients undergoing ascending aortic or valvular surgery, prolonged drainage with silastic tubes is safe and does not increase postoperative pain. There was no difference between the Blake and conventional drains with regard to significant pericardial effusion or tamponade in this cohort; however, this conclusion is limited by the low overall incidence of the primary outcome in this cohort.",
"A sensitive biomarker of malaria infection would obviate the need for placebo control arms in clinical trials of malaria prophylactic drugs. Antibodies to the 42-kDa fragment of merozoite surface protein-1 (MSP1(42)) have been identified as a potential marker of malaria exposure in individuals receiving prophylaxis with mefloquine. We conducted an open-label trial to determine the sensitivity of seroconversion to MSP1(42), defined as a fourfold rise in enzyme-linked immunosorbant assay (ELISA) titer, among 23 malaria naïve volunteers receiving mefloquine prophylaxis and 6 controls after Plasmodium falciparum sporozoite challenge. All members of the control cohort but none of the mefloquine cohort developed patent parasitemia. Four of six controls but zero of the mefloquine cohort seroconverted to MSP1(42). We conclude that malaria infection during suppressive prophylaxis does not induce antibody response to the blood-stage antigen MSP1(42) in a malaria-naïve study population.",
"Some variables can predict outcome in acupuncture or topiramate treatment of CM patients. Identifying predictors of prognosis of both treatments for CM may help improve outcomes in future work.",
"Ablation of long-standing persistent atrial fibrillation was associated with significant recovery of haemodynamics and exercise capacity that projected onto the long-term improvement in quality of life.",
"The failure rate and complications following thoracic and lumbar paravertebral blocks performed in 620 adults and 42 children were recorded. The technique failure rate in adults was 6.1%. No failures occurred in children. The complications recorded were: inadvertent vascular puncture (6.8%); hypotension (4.0%); haematoma (2.4%); pain at site of skin puncture (1.3%); signs of epidural or intrathecal spread (1.0%); pleural puncture (0.8%); pneumothorax (0.5%). No complications were noted in the children. The use of a bilateral paravertebral technique was found approximately to double the likelihood of inadvertent vascular puncture (9% vs. 5%) and to cause an eight-fold increase in pleural puncture and pneumothorax (3% vs. 0.4%), when compared with unilateral blocks. The incidence of other complications was similar between bilateral and unilateral blocks.",
"The dosage of urinary catecholamines and their metabolites is a main element of diagnosis in the research of a pheochromocytoma in patients with high blood pressure. The literature reports high values of these compounds in patients treated with labetalol (an alpha/beta-blocker). An analytical interference has been evoked to explain these misleading results, which have not been observed with other beta-blockers. The goal of this work was to look for this eventual analytical interference in the dosage of urinary metanephrine by reversed phase liquid chromatography coupled with electrochemical detection, in patients with high blood pressure. Eighteen hypertensive patients, 52 +/- 14 years old, were included in the study. In 8 patients, a dosage of metanephrine, normetanephrine and creatinine on a 24 hours urine sample was performed before (D1) and 24 hours after (D3) the prescription of labetalol (200 mg twice a day). In the other group, labetalol was not prescribed but dosage was made in the same conditions. Urinary excretion of these compounds (metanephrine+normetanephrine) divided by urinary creatinine was not modified in the treated group (0.16 +/- 0.08 vs 0.14 +/- 0.04), nor in the reference group (0.17 +/- 0.08 vs 0.17 +/- 0.08). This study shows that administration of labetalol in patients with essential hypertension does not interfere with urinary metanephrine and normetanephrine determination after 48 hours of treatment. This implies that research for a pheochromocytoma is possible in patients with hypertension and receiving labetalol, by using reversed phase liquid chromatography coupled with an electrochemical detector for the dosage of urinary metanephrine and normetanephrine.",
"Pulmonary lesions from active tuberculosis patients are thought to contain persistent, nonreplicating bacilli that arise from hypoxic stress. Metronidazole, approved for anaerobic infections, has antituberculosis activity against anoxic bacilli in vitro and in some animal models and may target persistent, nonreplicating bacilli. In this double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, pulmonary multidrug-resistant tuberculosis subjects were randomly assigned to receive metronidazole (500 mg thrice daily) or placebo for 8 weeks in addition to an individualized background regimen. Outcomes were measured radiologically (change on high-resolution computed tomography [HRCT]), microbiologically (time to sputum smear and culture conversion), and clinically (status 6 months after stopping therapy). Enrollment was stopped early due to excessive peripheral neuropathies in the metronidazole arm. Among 35 randomized subjects, 31 (15 metronidazole, 16 placebo) were included in the modified intent-to-treat analysis. There were no significant differences by arm in improvement of HRCT lesions from baseline to 2 or 6 months. More subjects in the metronidazole arm converted their sputum smear (P = 0.04) and liquid culture (P = 0.04) to negative at 1 month, but these differences were lost by 2 months. Overall, 81% showed clinical success 6 months after stopping therapy, with no differences by arm. However, 8/16 (50%) of subjects in the metronidazole group and 2/17 (12%) of those in the placebo group developed peripheral neuropathy. Subjects who received metronidazole were 4.3-fold (95% confidence interval [CI], 1.1 to 17.1) more likely to develop peripheral neuropathies than subjects who received placebo. Metronidazole may have increased early sputum smear and culture conversion but was too neurotoxic to use over the longer term. Newer nitroimidazoles with both aerobic and anaerobic activity, now in clinical trials, may increase the sterilizing potency of future treatment regimens.",
"Insulinomas and phaeochromocytomas are neuroendocrine tumours that may be either sporadic or manifestation of a familial cancer syndromes and are both derived from the neural crest. In the present study, gene components of different signalling pathways were investigated in sporadic human insulinomas and phaeochromocytomas to identify the responsible candidates. Ret and k-ras were tested for activating point mutations, and NF1, p53, BRCA1, nm23-H1, SDHB and SDHD for loss of heterozygosity (LOH). Twenty-two sporadic insulinomas and 15 phaeochromocytomas were analysed by the polymerase chain reaction using restriction fragment length polymorphism or dinucleotide repeat polymorphism methods. The results of our analysis demonstrate that the most frequent changes were point mutations of k-ras: 23% of insulinomas and 62% of phaeochromocytomas harboured k-ras mutations. The analysis also showed two phaeochromocytomas with point mutations of the ret oncogene. Only one insulinoma showed LOH of NF1, and another showed LOH of p53. Allelic loss of BRCA1 was detected in two insulinomas, and of nm23-H1 in another insulinoma. Allelic losses of the SDHB gene were present in two phaeochromocytoma and one insulinoma cases and allelic losses of SDHD were present in one phaeochromocytoma case. The changes observed in phaeochromocytomas were more homogenous and confined to k-ras and ret oncogenes, whereas insulinomas showed more heterogenic situation. Our findings may contribute to a better understanding of the genetic profile of neuroendocrine tumours.",
"Early goal-directed hemodynamic therapy based on cardiac index, stroke volume variation, and optimized global end-diastolic volume index reduces complications and length of ICU stay after cardiac surgery.",
"All the three topical prostaglandin analogues are effective at lowering IOP, but bimatoprost was found to be most effective in the initial phase of the trial, and there was no statistically significant difference in the efficacy, among the three prostaglandin analogue eye drops after 6 months of treatment.",
"Household support was an important factor in participant retention, particularly for the non-HIV-infected cohort, as young maternal age was a risk factor for LFU. Retaining study participants from this mobile population can be challenging and may warrant additional support.",
"Despite recommended preoperative preparation with alpha-adrenergic blockers, severe hemodynamic instability may occur during operations to resect pheochromocytoma. We combined the alpha-blocker phenoxybenzamine with the tyrosine hydroxylase inhibitor metyrosine in an attempt to better manage the hypertension of patients with pheochromocytoma undergoing surgical resection. This report reviews the cases of 25 consecutive patients undergoing surgery for known intra-abdominal pheochromocytoma. Each patient had elevated serum or urine levels of catecholamines or their metabolites. Nineteen patients were prepared before operation with phenoxybenzamine and metyrosine and six patients were given phenoxybenzamine alone. There were no significant differences in maximum, minimum, or mean blood pressure before or after tumor resection between patients who received metyrosine and those who did not. However careful review suggested that those who received metyrosine had more severe disease as judged by biochemical criteria. Study of selected patients matched for age and severity of disease suggested that the intraoperative blood pressure management of patients prepared with phenoxybenzamine and metyrosine was facilitated. In addition metyrosine-prepared patients lost less blood and required less volume replacement during surgery than did non-metyrosine-prepared patients. There were no apparent differences in postoperative fluid requirements. Although the study is not a prospective randomized trial, a retrospective review of patients managed with the combination of phenoxybenzamine and metyrosine suggests that surgery to resect pheochromocytoma can be better performed with both drugs than with phenoxybenzamine alone. The combination regimen appears to result in better blood pressure control, less blood loss, and the need for less intraoperative fluid replacement than does the traditional method of single-agent alpha-adrenergic blockade.",
"Forty-two subjects received placebo and 88 received lasmiditan in doses of 2.5-45 mg. Subjects were observed in the clinic for 4 h after treatment and used a diary card to record symptoms and adverse events for up to 24 h. The study was terminated when the 20 mg dose met predefined efficacy stopping rules. Of subjects treated in the 10, 20, 30 and 45 mg lasmiditan dose groups, 54-75% showed a 2 h headache response, compared to 45% in the placebo group (P = 0.0126 for the linear association between response rates and dose levels). Patient global impression at 2 h and lack of need for rescue medication also showed statistically significant linear correlations with dose. Lasmiditan was generally well tolerated. Adverse events were reported by 65% of subjects on lasmiditan and by 43% on placebo and were generally mild. Dizziness, paresthesia and sensations of heaviness (usually limb) were more common on lasmiditan.",
"Red blood cells (RBC) and reticulocyte parameters were determined on peripheral blood from a subset of patients enrolled in the multicenter study of hydroxyuea (HU) in sickle cell anemia. Multiple blood samples were obtained every 2 weeks. Cellular indices were measured by flow cytometry. Generalized linear models were used to determine the relationship between the longitudinal trajectories of RBC and reticulocyte indices and HU usage. There was a significant relationship between HU usage and most of the RBC and reticulocyte indices. Hydroxyurea produced higher value trajectories than those generated by placebo usage for the hemoglobin (Hb) content of both the RBCs and reticulocytes and for the mean corpuscular volume (MCV) of reticulocytes. These changes were first detected 10 weeks after starting HU and before the increase in Hb F levels. The data suggest that subtle and early markers of response to HU reside in the hemogram.",
"We identified several loci associated with CAC in CKD that also relate to MI in a general population sample. CKD imparts a high risk of CHD and may provide a useful setting for discovery of novel CHD genes and pathways.",
"Overall, conventional echocardiography can detect some differences between young athletes with eccentric and concentric type of athlete's heart but it is incapable of revealing differences in intrinsic myocardial functions. However, analysis using STE demonstrated increased systolic functions in athletes commensurate with increased load, with unaltered diastolic functions.",
"Supraventricular tachycardia (SVT) presenting in the neonatal period may resolve by 1 year of age. Predicting which patients require therapy beyond 1 year of age is desirable. Pediatric electrophysiology databases from two institutions were reviewed for patients with a history of infant SVT who underwent transesophageal electrophysiology study (TEEPS) after initial SVT and before 2 years of age. All patients were tested off medications and followed for clinical recurrence. Forty-two patients presented with SVT at median age of 4 days (0-300 days). Initial control was achieved with one drug in 31 patients and multiple drugs in 11 patients. Prior to TEEPS, nine patients had clinical recurrence in the first year of life after initial control had been previously achieved. For all patients, TEEPS was performed, without complications, at median 13 months (9-22 months) of age and at median of 13 months (6-22 months) following the initial SVT episode. SVT was inducible in 27/42: 8 atrio-ventricular nodal reentry tachycardia (AVNRT) and 19 atrio-ventricular reciprocating tachycardia (AVRT). Inducibility was not associated with age at presentation, age at TEEPS, ventricular dysfunction at presentation, presence of structural congenital heart disease, number of drugs required to initially control SVT, or SVT recurrence after initial control. Of 15 not inducible at TEEPS, none had known SVT recurrence off medications at median follow-up of 27 months (6-37 months). In conclusion, among patients having SVT in early infancy, (1) TEEPS results are not associated with clinical variables, (2) non-inducibility is a good indicator of lack of clinical recurrence at intermediate follow-up, and (3) AVNRT may be more prevalent in infancy than previously reported.",
"The data show high HPV immunogenicity regardless of the presence of malaria and helminth infections. The mechanism and significance for the increase in GMT in those with malaria is unknown.",
"For patients presenting with syncope and BBB, first-degree atrioventricular block and LPFB increased the likelihood of finding HPCDs during EPS. However, no single electrocardiographic feature could consistently predict the outcome of EPS, so this investigation is still necessary in assessing the need for pacemaker implantation, irrespective of the precise appearance of abnormalities on ECG.",
"null",
"A role for the nucleotide-binding oligomerization domain 2 (NOD2) receptor in pulmonary innate immune responses has recently been explored. In the present study, we investigated the role that NOD2 plays in human alveolar macrophage innate responses and determined its involvement in the response to infection with virulent Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Our results showed that NOD2 was expressed in human alveolar macrophages, and significant amounts of IL-1β, IL-6, and TNF-α were produced upon ligand recognition with muramyldipeptide (MDP). NOD2 ligation induced the transcription and protein expression of the antimicrobial peptide LL37 and the autophagy enzyme IRGM in alveolar macrophages, demonstrating a novel function for this receptor in these cells. MDP treatment of alveolar macrophages improved the intracellular growth control of virulent M. tuberculosis; this was associated with a significant release of TNF-α and IL-6 and overexpression of bactericidal LL37. In addition, the autophagy proteins IRGM, LC3 and ATG16L1 were recruited to the bacteria-containing autophagosome after treatment with MDP. In conclusion, our results suggest that NOD2 can modulate the innate immune response of alveolar macrophages and play a role in the initial control of respiratory M. tuberculosis infections.",
"In a recent randomized controlled trial, the use of protease inhibitor (PI)-based antiretroviral therapy (ART) was associated with a significantly lower incidence of malaria compared with non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor-based ART in a cohort of human immunodeficiency virus-infected Ugandan children living in an area of high malaria transmission intensity. In this report, we compared the prevalence of asymptomatic parasitemia and gametocytemia using data from the same cohort. The prevalence of asymptomatic parasitemia did not differ between the two ART treatment arms. The PI-based arm was associated with a lower risk of gametocytemia at the time of diagnosis of malaria (6.6% versus 14.5%, P = 0.03) and during the 28 days after malaria diagnosis (3.4% versus 6.5%, P = 0.04). Thus, in addition to decreasing the incidence of malaria, the use of PI-based ART may lower transmission, as a result of a decrease in gametocytemia, in areas of high malaria transmission intensity.",
"Intravenous flurbiprofen axetil can stabilize the hemodynamic instability due to MTS.",
"Acquisition of non-sterilizing natural immunity to Plasmodium falciparum malaria has been shown in low transmission areas following multiple exposures. However, conflicting data from endemic areas suggest that the parasite may interfere with the induction of effective B-cell responses. To date, the impact of blood-stage parasite exposure on antigen-specific B cells has not been reported following controlled human malaria infection (CHMI). Here we analysed human B-cell responses in a series of Phase I/IIa clinical trials, which include CHMI, using candidate virus-vectored vaccines encoding two blood-stage antigens: merozoite surface protein 1 (MSP1) and apical membrane antigen 1 (AMA1). Previously vaccinated volunteers show boosting of pre-existing antigen-specific memory B-cell (mBC) responses following CHMI. In contrast, unvaccinated malaria-naive control volunteers developed an mBC response against MSP1 but not AMA1. Serum IgG correlated with the mBC response after booster vaccination but this relationship was less well maintained following CHMI. A significant reduction in peripheral MSP1-specific mBC was observed at the point of diagnosis of blood-stage infection. This was coincident with a reduction in peripheral blood B-cell subsets expressing CXCR3 and elevated serum levels of interferon-γ and CXCL9, suggesting migration away from the periphery. These CHMI data confirm that mBC and antibody responses can be induced and boosted by blood-stage parasite exposure, in support of epidemiological studies on low-level parasite exposure.",
"We have explored the pathophysiological mechanisms of orthostatic hypotension and orthostatic tachycardia, found to be present in 83% and 61% respectively of 18 patients with subsequently proven pheochromocytoma. Orthostatic increases in plasma norepinephrine (NE) concentrations were significantly greater in the patients than in normal control subjects. Intravenous infusions of NE at 1, 2, 4, 8, and 16 micrograms/min induced similar increases in plasma NE levels but smaller increments in systolic and diastolic BP in the pheochromocytoma patients than in normal control subjects. This was reflected by a significantly greater increment in plasma NE concentration required to raise systolic BP by 15 mm Hg and diastolic BP by 7 mm Hg in the pheochromocytoma patients than in the normal subjects (P < .05 and P < .01, respectively). Measurements of venous contractile responses to locally infused NE by the dorsal hand vein (LVDT) technique revealed significantly reduced slopes of the regressions of log NE infusion rate on change in venous diameter in the pheochromocytoma patients compared with normal subjects. The results indicate reduced responsiveness of the vasculature to NE in patients with pheochromocytoma, probably due to down-regulation of alpha-adrenergic receptors resulting from persistent elevation of the physiological agonist NE. This was shown by other authors to be present in circulating platelets. The pathophysiological importance of the subnormal venous responses to the orthostatic hypotension and tachycardia in the patients were supported by the finding that the orthostatic changes were corrected by lower body compression to 45 mm Hg with a MAST pressure suit.",
"ER niacin increases HDL apoA-I concentration in statin-treated subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus by lowering apoA-I fractional catabolic rate. The effect on HDL metabolism was independent of the reduction in plasma triglyceride with ER niacin treatment. Whether this finding applies to other dyslipidemic populations remains to be investigated.",
"Current oral anticoagulation prescribing patterns would suggest that bleeding risk estimation by clinicians is poor and that oral anticoagulation prescribing does not reflect bleeding risk per se. The HAS-BLED score performs well in relation to predicting bleeding events compared with older bleeding scores and the Anticoagulation and Risk Factors in Atrial Fibrillation score, with significantly improved reclassification using HAS-BLED compared with all other bleeding risk scores tested.",
"This study suggests that the 14-gauge, 1.5-inch angiocatheter used for ND in the midaxillary line may partially and temporarily occlude in patients who will be transported on military stretchers. The pressure of 12.8 mm Hg has been documented in animal models as the pressure at which hemodynamic instability develops. This may contribute to the reaccumulation of tension pneumothoraces and ultimate patient deterioration in military transport.",
"An automated nucleic acid amplification assay that simultaneously identifies Mycobacterium tuberculosis and rifampicin resistance, the Xpert® MTB/RIF test, has undergone extensive evaluation in sputum samples. Our aim was to define its diagnostic accuracy when performed on pleural fluid specimens. In 67 patients with pleural effusions, of whom half had tuberculous pleuritis, Xpert yielded 15% sensitivity and 100% specificity in the detection of tuberculosis (TB). Positive Xpert results tended to be more common in patients with microbiologically confirmed TB. Due to its low sensitivity, Xpert testing of pleural fluids has a limited role in the work-up of pleural effusions.",
"The effect of riboflavin supplementation (5mg twice daily for 8 weeks) on reduced blood glutathione (GSH) and iron status was assessed in 18 patients with sickle cell disease (SCD-HbSS). Twelve SCD patients and 13 normal (Hb-AA) subjects served as the control. The total iron binding capacity (TIBC) and serum ferritin (SF) were significantly higher (p < 0.01), but GSH level, haemoglobin and transferrin saturation (TS) were significantly lower (p < 0.001) in SCD patients than in normal subjects. The administration of riboflavin elicited a significant increase (p < 0.01) in serum iron and TS but a non significant increase in SF and circulating Hb. The GSH level varied little in riboflavin supplemented but decreased significantly in unsupplemented SCD. The disparity in GSH concentration might reflect availability of FAD for regeneration of GSH from glutathione. Likewise, the haematological improvement in the supplemented group supports the assertion that riboflavin enhances erythropoiesis. For an effective management of SCD in Africa, a closer attention should be directed to the riboflavin status in haemolytic disorders.",
"ISRCTN01738840 - Spraying And Nets Towards malaria Elimination (SANTE).",
"Isolation of the aPVs detected by a straightforward algorithm leads to similar success rates compared to a standard all-PV approach with regard to PD, AE, or PE and is associated with less RF and a shorter FT.",
"In this MDR-TB treatment program patients with HIV infection and low weight had higher hazards of death. Overall treatment outcomes were poor. Efforts to improve treatment for MDR-TB are urgently needed.",
"There was no observed benefit from the use of PTV, with a trend towards a higher rate of pneumothorax under 28 weeks of gestation. Although PTV has a similar outcome to IMV for treatment of RDS in infants of 28 weeks or more gestation, within 72 hours of birth, it was abandoned more often. It cannot be recommended for infants of less than 28 weeks' gestation with the ventilators used in this study.",
"Acidosis, cerebral involvement, renal impairment, and chronic illness are key independent predictors for a poor outcome in African children with severe malaria. Mortality is markedly increased in cerebral malaria combined with acidosis. Clinical Trial Registration. ISRCTN50258054.",
"The implementation of an MDCT annulus area sizing algorithm for TAVR reduces PAR. Three-dimensional aortic annular assessment and annular area sizing should be considered for TAVR.",
"Posterior LVWT can be a predictor for postoperative cardiac events in patients with NICM.",
"We explored the utility of T-wave alternans (TWA) in predicting mortality in patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome (NSTEACS). Maximum TWA was calculated using Modified Moving Average method from continuous electrocardiographic recordings in patients with left ventricular ejection fraction <40% and ventricular tachycardia (VT) ≥4 beats during index hospitalization or sudden cardiac death during the follow-up year and age- and sex-matched controls in the Metabolic Efficiency with Ranolazine for Less Ischemia in Non-ST Elevation Acute Coronary Syndrome-Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction (MERLIN-TIMI) 36 trial. All patients received standard therapy for NSTEACS plus ranolazine (n = 109) or placebo (n = 101). Median follow-up was 1 year. Baseline clinical characteristics did not differ between patients with elevated TWA (≥47 μV) compared with lower levels. Patients with TWA ≥47 μV at admission had increased risk of total mortality (adjusted odds ratio [ORadj] 2.35, p = 0.04) during follow-up and VT ≥4 beats (ORadj 2.70, p = 0.01) during hospitalization with a trend toward increased cardiovascular death risk (ORadj 2.18, p = 0.07) during follow-up. In patients receiving placebo, TWA ≥47 μV on day 6 was associated with increased risk of total mortality (OR 4.12, 95% confidence interval 1.25 to 13.64, p = 0.02) and cardiovascular death (OR 4.73, p = 0.01) during follow-up. No deaths occurred among patients with TWA ≥47 μV assigned to ranolazine. In conclusion, in patients with NSTEACS and left ventricular ejection fraction <40%, TWA ≥47 μV early after admission is associated with increased risk of mortality at 1 year and with nonsustained VT during hospitalization. TWA may be useful in risk estimation in patients with NSTEACS. The possibility that TWA may serve as a therapeutic target deserves further exploration.",
"AZD0837 had a good safety profile during this study, including a low incidence of bleeding events, with effective anticoagulation on pharmacodynamic parameters. A larger study in AF patients unable or unwilling to take warfarin is feasible, as judged by compliance and dropout rates.",
"In our study, insurmountable ARBs were more effective on long-term clinical outcomes than surmountable ARBs in patients with AMI.",
"When beta-blocker therapy is inadequate, either FC may achieve the desired IOP level, but FC latanoprost/timolol more often achieves a pressure of <or=16 mm Hg. Both FCs were well tolerated.",
"Internal mammary artery grafting was adopted slowly and still shows substantial geographic variation. IMA use is associated with lower rates of death, MI, and repeat coronary revascularization.",
"Magnetic resonance imaging-guided biopsy of mediastinal masses has a high diagnostic performance and is safe for use in clinical practice.",
"Rate control of atrial fibrillation (AF) is a main treatment modality. However, data are scarce on the relative efficacy of calcium channel blockers and β blockers or between drugs within each class. The purpose of the present study was to compare the effect of 4 rate-reducing, once-daily drug regimens on the ventricular heart rate and arrhythmia-related symptoms in patients with permanent AF. We included 60 patients (mean age 71 ± 9 years, 18 women) with permanent AF in an investigator-blind cross-over study. Diltiazem 360 mg/day, verapamil 240 mg/day, metoprolol 100 mg/day, and carvedilol 25 mg/day were administered for 3 weeks in a randomized sequence. The 24-hour heart rate was measured using Holter monitoring, and arrhythmia-related symptoms were assessed using the Symptom Checklist questionnaire before randomization and on the last day of each treatment period. The 24-hour mean heart rate was 96 ± 12 beats/min at baseline (no treatment), 75 ± 10 beats/min with diltiazem, 81 ± 11 beats/min with verapamil, 82 ± 11 beats/min with metoprolol, and 84 ± 11 beats/min with carvedilol. All drugs reduced the heart rate compared to baseline (p <0.001 for all). The 24-hour heart rate was significantly lower with diltiazem than with any other drug tested (p <0.001 for all). Compared to baseline, diltiazem significantly reduced both the frequency (p <0.001) and the severity (p = 0.005) of symptoms. In contrast, verapamil reduced symptom frequency only (p = 0.012). In conclusion, diltiazem 360 mg/day was the most effective drug regimen for reducing the heart rate in patients with permanent AF. Arrhythmia-related symptoms were reduced by treatment with the calcium channel blockers diltiazem and verapamil, but not by the β blockers.",
"We evaluated the effectiveness of latanoprost (Xalatan) monotherapy in primary open angle glaucoma (POAG). Latanoprost is a prostaglandin analogue, the pure 15(R) epimer of 13,14-dihydro-17-phenyl-18,19,20-trinor-PGF2alpha-isopropyl ester. As a prodrug it is being activated by enzymatic hydrolysis in the cornea after which it becomes active acid of latanoprost. Latanoprost is lowering the intraocular pressure (IOP) by increasing the uveoscleral outflow. In this study, latanoprost was used once daily as monotherapy what offers much better compliance for the patients than other combinations of drugs, preserving good IOP control. Based on the significant reduction of the IOP, measured on the day 60 of the trial (mean change in IOP was -5.1 mmHg, with 95% confidence interval in range from -5.6 to -4.5), it is concluded that use of latanoprost is advisable when calculating better IOP control, few side-effects and reductions in costs of potential surgical procedures.",
"The results indicate that serum total bilirubin level may provide additional information for predicting future development of type 2 diabetes in healthy subjects.",
"Lay trainers with migraine can train small groups of fellow patients at home in behavioral attack prevention. At 6-month follow-up, attack frequency and quality of life were significantly but modestly improved and feelings of control and self-confidence remained strongly improved.",
"Zinc deficiency is a common nutritional problem in adult sickle-cell disease (SCD) patients. Hyperzincuria and increased requirement of zinc due to continued hemolysis in SCD are probable bases for zinc deficiency in these patients. Zinc deficiency affects adversely T-helper1 (TH1) functions and cell mediated immunity and interleukin (IL)-2 production is decreased in zinc deficient subjects. We hypothesized that zinc supplementation will improve T-helper1 function and decrease incidence of infections in patients with SCD. We tested this hypothesis in 32 SCD subjects who were divided in three groups (Grs A, B, and C). Grs A (n = 11) and B (n = 10) were zinc deficient based on cellular zinc criteria and Gr C (n = 11) were zinc sufficient. Gr A subjects were observed for 1 year (baseline), following which they received zinc acetate (50 to 75 mg of elemental zinc orally daily) for 3 years. Gr B subjects were observed for 1 year (baseline), following which they received placebo for 1 year and then switched to zinc supplementation (50 to 75 mg of elemental zinc orally daily) for 2 years. Gr C subjects did not receive any intervention inasmuch as they were zinc sufficient. Prolonged zinc supplementation resulted in an increase in lymphocyte and granulocyte zinc (P = 0.0001), and an increase in interleukin-2 production (P = 0.0001), decreased incidence of documented bacteriologically positive infections (P = 0.0026), decreased number of hospitalizations and decreased number of vaso-occlusive pain crisis (P = 0.0001). The predominant pathogens isolated were staphylococci and streptococci involving the respiratory tract and aerobic gram-negative bacteria, particularly Escherichia coli, involving the urinary tract. Further confirmation of our observations will require prospective studies of zinc supplementation in a larger number of SCD patients.",
"The author(s) have no proprietary or commercial interest in any materials discussed in this article.",
"Treatment with a Tianqi capsule for 12 months significantly decreased the incidence of T2DM in subjects with IGT, and this herbal drug was safe to use.",
"Both PTFC and latanoprost are efficacious in reducing diurnal IOP in POAG or OH. However, PTFC may be more effective in the late morning and may have a greater incidence of mild ocular side-effects.",
"The percentages of patients with 2-hour pain freedom were greater in each active treatment group compared to placebo (P < .001): telcagepant + ibuprofen = 35.2%, telcagepant + acetaminophen = 38.3%, telcagepant = 31.2%, placebo = 10.9%. No significant differences were seen for either of the combination groups vs telcagepant monotherapy, but both were numerically larger than telcagepant monotherapy. All the active treatments were generally well tolerated. The percentage of patients reporting any adverse event within 48 hours was higher in the active treatment groups than placebo: telcagepant + ibuprofen = 30.3%, telcagepant + acetaminophen = 31.6%, telcagepant = 24.8%, placebo = 18.2%. The most common adverse events reported by ≥ 4 patients in one or more of the treatment groups that included telcagepant were fatigue, nausea, dizziness, somnolence, dry mouth, and tremor.",
"Otamixaban did not reduce the rate of ischemic events relative to unfractionated heparin plus eptifibatide but did increase bleeding. These findings do not support the use of otamixaban for patients with NSTE-ACS undergoing planned early percutaneous coronary intervention.",
"Administration of two iron compounds of proven bioavailability, but with complex absorption characteristics, is associated with a negligible NTBI response, potentially mitigating the safety concerns associated with iron supplementation in malarial areas.",
"Early regularization of rhythm in patients with recent-onset atrial fibrillation reduces the likelihood of recurrent episodes of arrhythmia. This makes the application of selective beta-blockade clinically significant.",
"In this study area, incidence of fevers was lower in communities given three courses of IPTc during the time of peak transmission than in communities that received only HMM. However, high levels of coverage for IPTc will be necessary for maximum impact.",
"From January 1993 to January 1994, scintigraphy with 123I-MIBG and/or 131I-MIBG were performed in 22 patients and their scintigraphic usefulness was evaluated. Iodine-123 MIBG and 131I-MIBG scintigrams were obtained 24 hours after injection of 222 MBq of 123I-MIBG and 48 hours after injection of 20 MBq of 131I-MIBG, respectively. In two patients with pheochromocytoma, the 123I-MIBG and 131I-MIBG scans were performed and both images were compared. In a patient with single intraadrenal pheochromocytoma, the lesion not detected with 131I-MIBG was clearly visualized with 123I-MIBG. In the other patient with multiple metastatic pheochromocytoma, much more lesions were distinctly demonstrated on the 123I-MIBG images than on the 131I-MIBG images. All of the lesions were detected with 123I-MIBG in a patient with pheochromocytoma, 3 patients with neuroblastoma and a patient with medullary thyroid cancer. Most of the normal adrenal glands (86%) were visualized on the 123I-MIBG scintigrams, in 7 patients without neural crest tumor and adrenal diseases, while 131I-MIBG scintigraphy failed to visualize normal adrenal glands in 2 hypertensive patients. The main reason for the superiority of 123I-MIBG to 131I-MIBG is considered to be as follows: 1) higher specific activity of 123I-MIBG. 2) the larger amount of 123I-MIBG used. 3) gamma ray energy of 123I is ideal for gamma camera. In conclusion, 123I-MIBG appears to be a more suitable imaging agent than 131I-MIBG in depicting neural crest tumors.",
"Habituation deficits in various sensory modalities have been observed in migraine patients in several experimental designs. The underlying neuronal mechanisms are, however, still unknown. Past studies have used electrophysiological measures and focussed on habituation behaviour during one single session. We were interested in how repeated painful stimulation over several days is processed, perceived and modulated in migraineurs. Fifteen migraine patients and 15 healthy controls were stimulated daily with a 20 min trigeminal pain paradigm for eight consecutive days, using functional MRI performed on days one and eight and one follow-up measurement three months later. The results demonstrate that migraine patients did not differ in behavioural pain ratings compared to the controls at any time. However, functional imaging data revealed a significant difference in several brain areas over time. The activity level in the prefrontal cortex (PFC) and the rostral anterior cingulate cortex (rACC) increased in healthy control subjects from day one to day eight, whereas it decreased in migraine patients. These data suggest that several brain areas known to be involved in endogenous pain control show a completely opposite behaviour in migraine patients compared to healthy controls. These brain networks seem not to be disrupted per se in migraine patients but changed activity over time responding to repetitive nociceptive input. The alteration of pain inhibitory circuits may be the underlying mechanism responsible for the dys-functional neuronal filters of sensory input.",
"Infants with more severe anemia are at risk for increased clinical events that may be prevented by early initiation of hydroxyurea.",
"null",
"Target lesion calcification was severe in 402 patients (5.9%), moderate in 1,788 (26.1%), and none/mild in 4,665 (68.1%). Moderate/severe target lesion calcification was more frequent in older patients, men, hypertensive patients, and those presenting with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI). The unadjusted 1-year rates of death, cardiac death, definite stent thrombosis, and ischemic target lesion revascularization (TLR) and target vessel revascularization were significantly increased in patients with moderate/severe target lesion calcification. By multivariable analysis, the presence of moderate/severe target lesion calcification was an independent predictor of 1-year definite stent thrombosis (hazard ratio [HR]: 1.62; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.14 to 2.30; p = 0.007) and ischemic TLR (HR: 1.44; 95% CI: 1.17 to 1.78; p = 0.0007).",
"a.m.-dosed travoprost is superior to a.m.-dosed latanoprost by 1.7 mmHg at 24-h post-dose.",
"The implementation of the IPTi-SP resulted in a substantial reduction in all-cause mortality in children. The results of this study support the adoption and the implementation of IPTi-SP as malaria control strategy.",
"With the completion of the functional genome, merozoite proteome and stage-specific transcriptomes of the intraerythrocytic developmental cycle of Plasmoidum falciparum, the development of new vaccine candidates targeting Plasmodium merozoites is now possible. Here we report using protein array technology to detect antibody responses to Plasmodium merozoite proteins by screening the serum of Plasmodium-exposed individuals. A total of 138 genes encoding P. falciparum merozoite proteins were cloned using the In-Fusion cloning method and expressed using a wheat germ cell-free system (WGCF). These proteins were then screened with serum from Plasmodium-exposed individuals and unexposed subjects using protein arrays. A total of 30 highly immunoreactive merozoite antigens were identified (21.7% of 138 target proteins), including 10 well-characterized blood-stage vaccine candidates for P. falciparum. In addition, we report for the first time 7 proteins (MSP3.5, MRSP2, ETRAMP11.2, ETRAMP14.1 and RALP1, and two hypothetical proteins PFA0210c and PF14_0572) as being immunologically reactive. These novel Plasmodium merozoite antigens may be potential vaccine candidates for blood-stage malaria, and warrant further study.",
"Laparoscopic adrenalectomy is a safe procedure for patients with pheochromocytoma.",
"Phantom shocks were experienced by about one in ten ICD patients, with no interventional effect found and no significant difference found regarding receiving an actual shock therapy among phantom shock patients. :",
"There is a reasonable acceptance of early surgery in POAG patients in the developing world and increases on educating patients about their disease. Early surgery offers better IOP control with no long-term subjective adverse effects.",
"In children with migraine, our results demonstrate no abnormal ANS function related to either the sympathetic or the parasympathetic nervous system.",
"Echocardiography-guided left ventricular (LV) lead placement at the site of latest mechanical activation improves heart failure outcomes in patients receiving a cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillator (CRT-D). In this study, we test the hypothesis that a strategy of echocardiography-guided LV lead placement improves patient survival rate free from appropriate CRT-D therapy for ventricular arrhythmias. Patients enrolled in the prospective, randomized Speckle Tracking Assisted Resynchronization Therapy for Electrode Region trial and treated with a CRT-D device (108 with the echo-guided strategy and 75 with the routine strategy) were followed to the end point of death or first appropriate CRT-D therapy. Over a follow-up period of 3.7 ± 2.1 years, 62 patients (33%) died and 40 (22%) received appropriate CRT-D therapy. Compared with the routine group, patients in the echo-guided group had improved CRT-D therapy-free survival rate (hazard ratio = 0.64, 95% confidence interval = 0.42 to 0.98, p = 0.038). Patients randomized to the echo-guided LV lead placement were more likely to resynchronize their LV compared with the routine group (72% vs 48%, respectively, p = 0.006). Patients whose LV did resynchronize after CRT-D had improved therapy-free survival rate compared with those whose LV did not resynchronize (hazard ratio = 0.49, 95% confidence interval = 0.28 to 0.86, p = 0.012). In conclusion, a strategy of echo-guided LV lead placement improved the patient survival rate free from defibrillator therapy in CRT-D recipients.",
"This retrospective analysis confirmed the effectiveness and the good tolerance of ABC in the therapeutic strategy, between 2003 and 2008.",
"'Underweight' is an independent predictor for late mortality after AVR surgery. Morbid obesity did not prove to be predictive of a worse late survival.",
"With increasing obesity rates, further research is warranted to determine if leptin is a useful intervention target in type 2 diabetes.",
"The reduction of the drop-skin contact affects the regional incidence and the extent of dermatologic skin changes that are related to bimatoprost 0.03% topical therapy.",
"ILE administration was associated with lower incidence of hypotension and arrhythmia in patients with acute glyphosate intoxication. ILE administration seems to be an effective treatment modality in patients who ingested sufficient amount of glyphosate herbicide that is expected to bring about significant toxicity.",
"Almost all patients (98 %) with AF after PVAC ablation show reconnection of at least one PV. All PV's are equally likely to show reconnection. In the left PV's, reconnection was found more often anteriorly than posteriorly. During pulmonary vein isolation with the PVAC catheter, prevalent sites of reconnection deserve close attention to increase success.",
"Although there was no difference in the incidence of immediate postoperative neurological complications, there were fewer medium-term neurological complications in OPCAB cases without aortic manipulation.",
"Atrial fibrillation was associated with higher 30-day mortality among patients with heart failure with preserved EF but not reduced EF. The association of atrial fibrillation with 30-day readmission was modest and did not differ by heart failure type.",
"We report our 3-years experience with video-thoracoscopy for pneumothorax. Forty-six endoscopies (34 men, 12 women; mean age 27 +/- 9 years) were performed. Patients were under general anesthesia and intubation was selective. The conventional approach was used, with 3 incisions through which the camera and endoscopic instruments were inserted. Results were good in 39 (84.7%) patients. Pneumothorax recurred in 4 (8.7%) patients during the 3 years of follow-up. Thoracotomy was performed in 3 patients, because of lack of lung expansion in 1, persistent leak in another and encapsulated empyema in the third. Mean hospital stay after surgery was 7.3 days. Video-thoracoscopy can be considered a good therapeutic alternative to thoracotomy in the surgical treatment of patients with pneumothorax.",
"The reduced diurnal variation of heart rate was significantly associated with increased BNP, which is linked to LV diastolic dysfunction in patients with AF.",
"The results of our study have demonstrated that LA myocardial function assessed using the 2D-STE method is associated with the ePCWP, which is an echocardiographically calculated marker of LV dysfunction. The LA deformation parameters may be used as echocardiographic findings to predict the LV dysfunction in ESRD patients with PLVEF. Further studies are needed to determine the independent prognostic power of the atrial strain measurement as a predictor of future cardiovascular events in ESRD patients.",
"Naturally acquired protective immunity to Plasmodium falciparum malaria takes years to develop. It relies mainly on Abs, particularly IgG specific for Plasmodium falciparum erythrocyte membrane protein 1 (PfEMP1) proteins on the infected erythrocyte surface. It is only partially understood why acquisition of clinical protection takes years to develop, but it probably involves a range of immune-evasive parasite features, not least of which are PfEMP1 polymorphism and clonal variation. Parasite-induced subversion of immunological memory and expansion of "atypical" memory B cells may also contribute. In this first, to our knowledge, longitudinal study of its kind, we measured B cell subset composition, as well as PfEMP1-specific Ab levels and memory B cell frequencies, in Ghanaian women followed from early pregnancy up to 1 y after delivery. Cell phenotypes and Ag-specific B cell function were assessed three times during and after pregnancy. Levels of IgG specific for pregnancy-restricted, VAR2CSA-type PfEMP1 increased markedly during pregnancy and declined after delivery, whereas IgG levels specific for two PfEMP1 proteins not restricted to pregnancy did not. Changes in VAR2CSA-specific memory B cell frequencies showed typical primary memory induction among primigravidae and recall expansion among multigravidae, followed by contraction postpartum in all. No systematic changes in the frequencies of memory B cells specific for the two other PfEMP1 proteins were identified. The B cell subset analysis confirmed earlier reports of high atypical memory B cell frequencies among residents of P. falciparum-endemic areas, and indicated an additional effect of pregnancy. Our study provides new knowledge regarding immunity to P. falciparum malaria and underpins efforts to develop PfEMP1-based vaccines against this disease.",
"Angiographic and clinical outcomes remain relatively unfavorable for diabetic patients even after the use of drug-eluting stent. This prospective, multicenter, randomized study compared the relative efficacy and safety of resolute zotarolimus-eluting stent (R-ZES) and sirolimus-eluting stent (SES) implantation in diabetic patients with coronary artery disease. The primary end point was noninferiority of angiographic in-segment late loss at 9 months. Clinical events were also monitored for at least 12 months. Patient recruitment was prematurely stopped after enrollment of 256 patients (127 in R-ZES group and 129 in SES) because of discontinuing production of SES. The R-ZES was noninferior to the SES for 9-month in-segment late loss (0.34 ± 0.30 vs 0.39 ± 0.43 mm; difference -0.048; 95% confidence interval -0.157 to 0.061; upper 1-sided 95% confidence interval 0.044; p <0.001 for noninferiority). In addition, in-stent late loss (0.22 ± 0.29 vs 0.21 ± 0.40 mm, p = 0.849) and the rates of in-segment (1.2% vs 6.7%, p = 0.119) and in-stent (1.2% vs 3.3%, p = 0.621) binary restenoses were similar between the 2 groups. At 12 months, there were no statistical differences between the 2 groups in the incidence of any clinical outcomes (death, myocardial infarction, stent thrombosis, ischemia-driven target lesion revascularization, ischemia-driven target vessel revascularization, and composite outcomes). In conclusion, despite having reduced power because of early study termination, our study suggests that the R-ZES has noninferior angiographic outcomes at 9 months to the SES in diabetic patients with coronary artery disease.",
"Travoprost 0.004% once daily provides effective IOP-lowering efficacy with significantly greater IOP reduction from baseline when compared with pilocarpine 1% 4 times daily at 4 PM over the 12-week period. Travoprost 0.004% once daily is safe and well tolerated in PAC or PACG patients.",
"QTc prolongation without TpTe increase or abnormal J wave may not be arrhythmogenic during TH.",
"In addition to its role in the treatment of cluster headache, high-flow oxygen therapy may provide an effective treatment of all types of headaches in the ED setting.",
"Despite an often-diagnostic electrocardiogram, interhospital transfer after failed prehospital diagnosis occurred in 15% of STEMI patients undergoing primary PCI. Interhospital transfer was a major predictor of ischemic time and 1-year mortality was significantly higher. Continuing efforts to optimize prehospital triage are warranted, especially among patients at higher risk of failed prehospital diagnosis.",
"Somatic symptoms and hopelessness independently predicted death/MI in MI patients younger than 70 years. Research needs to reexamine the modulating effect of age in studies on somatic and cognitive-affective symptoms of post-MI depression.",
"Symptomatic CO following TAVI was a rare but life-threatening complication that occurred more frequently in women, in patients receiving a balloon-expandable valve, and in those with a previous surgical bioprosthesis. Lower-lying coronary ostium and shallow sinus of Valsalva were associated anatomic factors, and despite successful treatment, acute and late mortality remained very high, highlighting the importance of anticipating and preventing the occurrence of this complication.",
"Treating hyperandrogenic T1D adolescents with metformin significantly decreased the serum androgens compared to the placebo, but metformin therapy did not significantly affect clinical parameters, such as hirsutism, ovulation and metabolic control.",
"The original intervention is effective, but the added value of the booster sessions is uncertain.",
"Dyssynchrony is common in asymptomatic patients with hypertension. We sought to investigate the impact of antihypertensive treatment on dyssynchrony in patients with hypertension. A total of sixty patients who had uncomplicated hypertension that had never been treated (treatment-naïve hypertensive patients) underwent echocardiographic evaluations of left ventricular (LV) dyssynchrony at baseline and after a 6-month treatment with antihypertensive drugs. The measured parameters were as follows: (1) the s.d. of 12 LV-segment time-to-peak systolic velocities (Ts-SD12), and (2) the maximal difference between peak systolic velocities of any 2 of the 12 segments (Ts-Max). Patients with Ts-SD12 ≥ 33 ms or Ts-Max ≥ 100 ms were regarded as having LV systolic dyssynchrony. Patients with systolic dyssynchrony (group 1, n = 29) and without systolic dyssynchrony (group 2, n = 31) were compared. Among the patients in group 1, antihypertensive treatment significantly improved LV systolic dyssynchrony (ΔTs-SD12, -13.1 ms; P<0.001 and ΔTs-Max, -34.0 ms; P = 0.003), whereas it did not demonstrate additional benefit among group 2 patients. The change in LV systolic dyssynchrony was significantly associated with changes in the mean annulus E' velocity, mean annulus S' velocity and mean annulus E'/A' ratio, but not with changes in blood pressure and LV mass index. It is likely that chronic antihypertensive treatment could reverse the LV systolic dyssynchrony and simultaneously improve subclinical systolic and diastolic function in patients with hypertension and LV systolic dyssynchrony.",
"The thoracoscopic procedure is less invasive when performing wedge resection of apical blebs. With intracavitary management being equivalent to the conventional technique, the curtailed morbidity after thoracoscopic surgery is considered to be related to the minimal trauma associated with the access to lung tissue and the reduced handling of lung tissue.",
"PVI + CFE ablation in non-paroxysmal AF appears to provide a reasonable proportion of arrhythmia-free patients during long-term follow-up. Poorer long-term results can be expected among female patients and those with an uninterrupted AF duration of > 4 years.",
"Telmisartan was more effective than amlodipine in preventing AF recurrences in hypertensive patients with paroxysmal AF.",
"New tuberculosis vaccines are urgently needed to curtail the current epidemic. MVA85A is a subunit vaccine that could enhance immunity from BCG vaccination. To determine MVA85A safety and immunogenicity as well as interactions with other routine vaccines administered in infancy, we randomized healthy 4-month-old infants who had received Bacille Calmette-Guérin at birth to receive Expanded Program on Immunization (EPI) vaccines alone, EPI and MVA85A simultaneously, or MVA85A alone. Adverse events were monitored throughout. Blood samples obtained before vaccination and at 1, 4, and 20 weeks after vaccination were used to assess safety and immunogenicity. The safety profile of both low and standard doses was comparable, but the standard dose was more immunogenic and therefore was selected for the second stage of the study. In total, 72 (first stage) and 142 (second stage) infants were enrolled. MVA85A was safe and well tolerated and induced a potent cellular immune response. Coadministration of MVA85A with EPI vaccines was associated with a significant reduction in MVA85A immunogenicity, but did not affect humoral responses to the EPI vaccines. These results provide important information regarding timing of immunizations, which is required for the design of infant efficacy trials with MVA85A, and suggest that modifications to the standard EPI schedule may be required to incorporate a new generation of T cell-inducing vaccines.",
"null",
"Functional capacity as assessed by 6-minute walk test distance (6MWTD) has been shown to predict outcomes in selected cohorts with cardiovascular disease. To evaluate the association between 6MWTD and outcomes after transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI) among participants in the Placement of AoRTic TraNscathetER valve (PARTNER) trial, TAVI recipients (n = 484) were stratified into 3 groups according to baseline 6MWTD: unable to walk (n = 218), slow walkers (n = 133), in whom 6MWTD was below the median (128.5 meters), and fast walkers (n = 133) with 6MWTD >128.5 meters. After TAVI, among fast walkers, follow-up 6MWTD decreased by 44 ± 148 meters at 12 months (p <0.02 compared with baseline). In contrast, among slow walkers, 6MWTD improved after TAVI by 58 ± 126 meters (p <0.001 compared with baseline). Similarly, among those unable to walk, 6MWTD distance increased by 66 ± 109 meters (p <0.001 compared with baseline). There were no differences in 30-day outcomes among 6MWTD groups. At 2 years, the rate of death from any cause was 42.5% in those unable to walk, 31.2% in slow walkers, and 28.8% in fast walkers (p = 0.02), driven primarily by differences in noncardiac death. In conclusion, among high-risk older adults undergoing TAVI, baseline 6MWTD does not predict procedural outcomes but does predict long-term mortality. Nonetheless, patients with poor baseline functional status exhibit the greatest improvement in 6MWTD. Additional work is required to identify those with poor functional status who stand to benefit the most from TAVI.",
"null",
"The objective of this study was to determine the clinical effects of party pills containing benzylpiperazine (BZP) and trifluoromethylphenylpiperazine (TFMPP) when taken alone and in combination with alcohol. The study was a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial conducted in a hospital-based clinic in Wellington, New Zealand. Thirty-five volunteers who had previously used party pills containing BZP were included in this trial. Participants received one of the following four treatments: 300 mg/74 mg BZP/TFMPP and placebo, 300 mg/74 mg BZP/TFMPP and 57.6 g (6 units) alcohol, placebo and 57.6 g (6 units) alcohol and double placebo. The primary outcome variable was a measure of driving performance, the standard deviation of lateral position (SDLP) measured at 6.5 h. Secondary measures included adverse events, cardiovascular effects, psychological function and delayed effects on sleep. The study was stopped early, after 35 of the planned 64 subjects had undertaken testing, because of severe adverse events that occurred in four of 10 BZP/TFMPP-only subjects, three of seven combined BZP/TFMPP and alcohol subjects, none of the 6 placebo subjects, and none of the 12 alcohol-only subjects. The overall rate of severe adverse events (defined as causing considerable interference with usual activity and/or rated by subject as severe) in those receiving BZP/TFMPP was seven of 17 (41.2%, 95% CI 18.4-67.1). The severe events included agitation, anxiety, hallucinations, vomiting, insomnia and migraine. BZP/TFMPP significantly improved the driving performance, decreasing SDLP at -4.2 cm (95% CI -6.8 to -1.6, P = 0.002). The effect of alcohol was to increase SDLP: 2.3 cm (95% CI -0.3 to 4.9, P = 0.08). BZP/TFMPP also resulted in increased heart rate and blood pressure and in difficulty in getting to sleep. BZP/TFMPP alone or with alcohol carries a significant risk of severe adverse events when taken in similar doses to those recommended by manufacturers.",
"Omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in fish oils may have antifibrillatory effects; however, their electrophysiologic effects in paroxysmal atrial fibrillation (PAF) remain unknown. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of chronic fish oil supplementation on human pulmonary vein (PV) and left atrial electrophysiology in PAF. Patients with PAF undergoing PV isolation were randomized ≥1 month before their procedure into a control group (n = 18) or a fish oil group (n = 18) in an unblinded fashion. The latter were supplemented with fish oil 6 g/day for a mean of 40 ± 12 days. Pulmonary venous and left atrial effective refractory periods (ERPs), PV conduction, and susceptibility to AF initiated within PVs were assessed. Compared to the control group, the fish oil group had (1) longer left-sided (p = 0.002) and right-sided (p = 0.001) pulmonary venous ERPs; (2) less dispersion of pulmonary venous ERPs (left PVs p = 0.001, right PVs p = 0.07); (3) longer left atrial ERPs (p = 0.02); (4) no difference in pulmonary venous conduction; (5) lower incidence of AF initiated from PVs during ERP testing (77% vs 31%, p = 0.02); and (6) prolongation of mean AF cycle length (p = 0.009) and shortest AF cycle length in PVs (p = 0.04). In conclusion, patients with PAF chronically supplemented with fish oils exhibit distinctive electrophysiologic properties including prolonged pulmonary venous and left atrial ERPs and decreased susceptibility to initiation AF from within PVs. These changes may in part explain the antifibrillatory effect of chronic omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid supplementation in patients with PAF.",
"Post-operative ultrasound may alleviate the need to perform routine CXR in patients with a previously ruled out pneumothorax. SATS used selectively may be able to reduce the number of routine CXRs performed; however, it does not have high enough accuracy to replace CXRs.",
"Psychotropic drugs can pose the risk of acquired long QT syndrome (LQTS). Unexpected autopsy-negative sudden death in patients taking psychotropic drugs may be associated with prolonged QT intervals and life-threatening arrhythmias. We analyzed genes that encode for cardiac ion channels and potentially associated with LQTS, examining specifically the potassium channel genes KCNQ1 and KCNH2 in 10 cases of sudden death involving patients administered psychotropic medication in which autopsy findings identified no clear cause of death. We amplified and sequenced all exons of KCNQ1 and KCNH2, identifying G643S, missense polymorphism in KCNQ1, in 6 of the 10 cases. A study analysis indicated that only 11% of 381 healthy Japanese individuals carry this polymorphism. Reports of previous functional analyses indicate that the G643S polymorphism in the KCNQ1 potassium channel protein causes mild I(Ks) channel dysfunction. Our present study suggests that administering psychotropic drug therapy to individuals carrying the G643S polymorphism may heighten the risk of prolonged QT intervals and life-threatening arrhythmias. Thus, screening for the G643S polymorphism before prescribing psychotropic drugs may help reduce the risk of unexpected sudden death.",
"Observation of OPTX is not associated with an increased incidence of pneumothorax progression or respiratory distress. These pneumothoraces can be safely observed in patients with blunt trauma injury regardless of the need for positive pressure ventilation.",
"Vardenafil administration improved erectile functionality in controlled type 2 diabetes mellitus patients with ED, which was associated with reduction of circulating plasma β-tropomyosin levels. Tropomyosin affected by itself the cGMP generating system suggesting a possible new mechanism involved in ED. Vardenafil reversed the reduction effect of cGMP content elicited by tropomyosin in BAECs.",
"In sickle cell anaemia, red cell dehydration increases intracellular HbS concentration and promotes sickling. Higher erythrocyte magnesium reduces water loss through negative regulation of membrane transporters. Hydroxycarbamide (also known as hydroxyurea) reduces sickling partly by increasing intracellular HbF. Combining drugs with distinct mechanisms could offer additive effects. A phase I trial combining oral magnesium pidolate and hydroxycarbamide was performed to estimate the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) and toxicity of magnesium. Cohorts of three children with HbSS, who were on a stable dose of hydroxycarbamide (median 28.5 mg/kg/d), received magnesium pidolate for 6 months beginning at 83 mg/kg/d. The dose was escalated by 50% for subsequent cohorts. Laboratory evaluations were performed at 0, 3, 6 and 9 months. Sixteen children (aged 4-12 years) participated. All four dose-limiting toxicities (grade III diarrhoea and abdominal pain) occurred within the first month of starting magnesium. Additionally, diarrhoea grades I (n = 1) and II (n = 3), and abdominal pain grade II (n = 3) occurred. Hydroxycarbamide dose reduction or interruption was not required. The MTD for magnesium pidolate used in combination with hydroxycarbamide was 125 mg/kg/d. KCl co-transporter activity declined after 3 months of magnesium pidolate (P = 0.02). A phase II study is needed to investigate the efficacy of this drug combination.",
"Syncope in paced patients with SSS is common, and is associated with higher mortality. The predictors identified in this study suggest a multifactorial aetiology of syncope.",
"Nonprocedure hospitals vary substantially in their use of the transfer process for elderly patients admitted with acute myocardial infarction. High-transfer hospitals had greater use of invasive cardiac procedures after admission compared with low-transfer hospitals. However, higher transfer rates were not associated with a significantly lower risk-standardized mortality rate at 30 days. Moreover, at 1 year there was only a 1.1% difference (42.8% vs 43.9%) between hospitals with higher and lower transfer rates. These findings suggest that, as a single intervention, promoting the transfer of patients admitted with acute myocardial infarction may not improve hospital outcomes.",
"The primary objective of the S.AGES cohort is to describe the real-life therapeutic care of elderly patients. Patients and methods. This is a prospective observational cohort study of 3 700 non-institutionalized patients over the age of 65 years with either type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM), chronic pain or atrial fibrillation (AF) recruited by French general practitioners (GPs). Follow-up is planned for 3 years. Baseline characteristics. In the chronic pain sub-cohort, 33% of patients are treated with only grade 1 analgesics, 29% with grade 2 analgesics and 3% with grade 3 analgesics, and 22% have no pain treatment. In the T2DM sub-cohort, 61% of patients have well-controlled diabetes (Hb1c<7%) and 18% are treated with insulin. In the AF sub-cohort, 65% of patients have a CHADS2 score greater than 2, 77% are treated with oral anticoagulants, 17% with platelet inhibitors, 40% with antiarrhythmic drugs and 56% with rate slowing medications. Conclusion. The S.AGES cohort presents a unique opportunity to clarify the real-life therapeutic management of ambulatory elderly subjects and will help to identify the factors associated with the occurrence of major clinical events.",
"Treating fever with antimalarials significantly reduced the prevalence of anaemia, severe anaemia and severe illness. We found no significant reduction in outcomes when the AAQ and AAQ+AMX clusters were compared.",
"The pacing configuration of a quadripolar LV lead determinates acute hemodynamic response. Pacing in the individually optimized configuration gives rise to an additional absolute 10% increase in %ΔLV+dP/dtmax when comparing optimal and worst vectors.",
"anzctr.org.au Identifier: ACTRN12610000497000.",
"The prevalence of subclinical TB disease was 8.5% (95% CI 5.1% to 13.0%) (n=18; median days to culture positivity 17&emsp14;days), with 22% of patients being smear-positive. Spoligotyping showed a diverse variety of genotypes with all paired isolates being of the same spoligotype, effectively excluding cross-contamination. 56% of patients followed up developed symptoms 3 days to 2 months later. All were well and still in care 6-12 months after TB diagnosis; 60% were started on ART. A positive tuberculin skin test (OR 4.96, p=0.064), low CD4 count (OR 0.996, p=0.06) and number of years since HIV diagnosis (OR 1.006, p=0.056) showed trends towards predicting TB disease. Conclusion This study found a high prevalence but good outcome (retained in care) of subclinical TB disease in HIV-1-infected persons. The results suggest that, in high HIV/TB endemic settings, a positive HIV-1 test should prompt TB screening by sputum culture irrespective of symptoms, particularly in those with a positive tuberculin skin test, longer history of HIV infection and low CD4 count. Operational difficulties in resource-constrained settings with respect to screening with TB culture highlight the need for rapid and affordable point-of-care tests to identify persons with clinical and subclinical TB disease.",
"In this cohort study, ≥2 vaginal child deliveries, uterine prolapse, and among younger women, gestational diabetes were robust predictors of LUTS progression. Clinicians should assess the presence of bothersome urinary frequency, urgency, and voiding symptoms among women who have had multiple vaginal childbirths or gestational diabetes.",
"The digital and continuous measurement of air leaks instead of the currently used static analogue systems reduces hospital length of stay by more accurately and reproducibly measuring air leaks. This leads to quicker chest tube management decisions because the average size of an air leak during the last several hours can be determined. Intrapleural pressure curves may also help predict the optimal chest tube setting for each patient's air leak and eliminate the need for chest roentgenograms. Further studies on the pleural pressure curves and this device are needed.",
"null",
"Oral anticoagulation is the mainstay of therapy for stroke prevention in patients with atrial fibrillation. Vitamin K antagonists such as warfarin reduce the risk of cardioembolic stroke by approximately two-thirds compared with no treatment, but are limited by their unpredictable anticoagulant effect and narrow therapeutic index. Warfarin therapy requires routine coagulation monitoring, which is inconvenient for patients and costly for the healthcare system. The limitations of the vitamin K agonists have spurred the development of new oral anticoagulants that selectively inhibit thrombin or factor Xa. The Randomized Evaluation of Long-Term Anticoagulation (RE-LY) trial of 18,113 patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation and at least one additional risk factor for stroke demonstrated that dabigatran etexilate given at a dose of 150 mg twice daily compared with warfarin, reduced the rate of stroke or systemic embolism by one-third with a similar rate of major bleeding, whereas dabigatran etexilate given at a dose of 110 mg twice daily compared with warfarin had a similar rate of stroke or systemic embolism and reduced the rate of major bleeding by one-fifth. Both doses of dabigatran etexilate reduced intracranial bleeding by approximately two-thirds compared with warfarin. Based on the results of the RE-LY trial, both the US FDA and Health Canada recently approved dabigatran etexilate for the prevention of stroke and systemic embolism in patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation.",
"The most frequent and important complications of this procedure are pneumothorax and bleeding. But any factor is the predictor of pneumothorax and lesion depth is a poor predictor of bleeding complication.",
"DE-MRI provides a noninvasive means of assessing left atrial myocardial tissue in patients suffering from AF and might provide insight into the progress of the disease. Preablation DE-MRI holds promise for predicting responders to AF ablation and may provide a metric of overall disease progression.",
"CT-guided transthoracic needle biopsy of the chest done with an automated biopsy system is safe, with a pneumothorax rate comparable to that of skinny needle aspiration. An overall accurate tissue diagnosis was made in 26 (81%) of 32 patients. Biopsies in 12 (80%) of 15 patients without carcinoma were diagnostic, which compares favorably with the reported accuracy of skinny needle aspiration.",
"Early IABP insertion before primary PCI might be associated with higher peak CK levels, indicating a larger infarct size. A possible explanation may be the increased reperfusion delay. Our study suggests that early reperfusion could have priority over routine early IABP insertion in STEMI patients with cardiogenic shock. Randomized studies are needed to determine the optimal timing of IABP insertion relative to primary PCI.",
"A phase III clinical study of 131I-metaiodobenzylguanidine (131I-MIBG) was performed in 66 patients with tumors of sympathetic and adrenomedullary origin, including 32 patients with suspected pheochromocytoma, 25 with suspected neuroblastoma, 7 pre- or postoperative medullary carcinoma of the thyroid and each with carcinoid and suspected Sipple's syndrome. A total of 150 sites which were confirmed for presence (72 sites) or absence (78 sites) of tumors were examined on 131I-MIBG scintigrams. True positive ratio of the scintigraphy was 84.7% (61/72) and true negative ratio was 94.9% (74/78). Positive scintigraphy was obtained in 86.5% (32/37) of pheochromocytoma, 78.6% (22/28) of neuroblastoma and 100% (6/6) of medullary carcinoma of the thyroid. Accumulation of 131I-MIBG was seen in 16.8% of normal adrenal glands. Neither adverse reactions nor abnormal laboratory findings were noted in relation to 131I-MIBG injections. Our study indicates that 131I-MIBG is a safe and clinically useful radiotracers for the visualization and localization of tumors of sympathetic and adrenomedullary origin.",
"The in vivo kinetics of antigen-presenting cells (APCs) in patients with advanced and convalescent tuberculosis (TB) is not well characterized. In order to target Mycobacterium tuberculosis (MTB) peptides- and HLA-DR-holding monocytes and macrophages, 2 MTB peptide-specific CD4(+) T-cell receptor (TCR) tetramers eu and hu were successfully constructed. Peripheral blood (PBL) samples from inpatients with advanced pulmonary TB (PTB) were analyzed using flow cytometry, and the percentages of tetramer-bound CD14(+) monocytes ranged from 0.26-1.44% and 0.21-0.95%, respectively; significantly higher than those measured in PBL samples obtained from non-TB patients, healthy donors, and umbilical cords. These tetramers were also able to specifically detect macrophages in situ via immunofluorescent staining. The results of the continuous time-point tracking of the tetramer-positive rates in PBL samples from active PTB outpatients undergoing treatment show that the median percentages were at first low before treatment, increased to their highest levels during the first month, and then began to decrease during the second month until finally reaching and maintaining a relatively low level after 3-6 months. These results suggest that there is a relatively low level of MTB-specific monocytes in advanced and untreated patients. Further experiments show that MTB induces apoptosis in CD14(+) cells, and the percentage of apoptotic monocytes dramatically decreases after treatment. Therefore, the relatively low level of MTB-specific monocytes is probably related to the apoptosis or necrosis of APCs due to live bacteria and their growth. The bactericidal effects of anti-TB drugs, as well as other unknown factors, would induce a peak value during the first month of treatment, and a relatively low level would be subsequently reached and maintained until all of the involved factors reached equilibrium. These tetramers have diagnostic potential and can provide valuable insights into the mechanisms of antigen presentation and its relationship with TB infection and latent TB infection.",
"There is a heterogeneous response to treatment by latanoprost for 36 months in changes over time of red/blue density measurements for iris color.",
"Intraoperative GIK solution given to diabetic patients with CABG operation provides more stable CI, shorter time of MV, more stable values of potassium which provides normal rhythm and less AF onset, less insulin to maintain target glycemia. All the above mentioned provides more stable intraoperative hemodynamic and better recovery of diabetic",
"Intensive statin therapy is a central component of secondary prevention after acute myocardial infarction (AMI), particularly among high-risk patients, such as those with diabetes mellitus (DM). However, the frequency and predictors of intensive statin therapy use after AMI among patients with DM have not been described. We examined patterns of intensive statin therapy use (defined as a statin with expected low-density lipoprotein cholesterol lowering of >50%) at discharge among patients with AMI with known DM enrolled in a 24-site US registry. Predictors of intensive statin therapy use were evaluated using multivariable hierarchical Poisson regression models. Among 1,300 patients with DM after AMI, 22% were prescribed intensive statin therapy at hospital discharge. In multivariable models, ST-elevation AMI (risk ratio [RR] 1.48, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.29 to 1.70), insurance for medications (RR 1.28, 95% CI 1.00 to 1.63), and higher low-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels (RR 1.05 per 1 mg/dl, 95% CI 1.02 to 1.07) were independent predictors of intensive statin therapy, whereas higher Global Registry of Acute Coronary Events scores were associated with lower rates of intensive statin therapy (RR 0.94 per 10 points, 95% CI 0.91 to 0.98). In conclusion, only 1 in 5 patients with DM was prescribed intensive statin therapy at discharge after an AMI. Predictors of intensive statin therapy use suggest important opportunities to improve quality of care in this patient population.",
"LAD are present in about one-fourth of patients undergoing AF ablation and, in general, they have no impact on its safety and efficacy. However, occasionally, radiofrequency energy delivery in a LAD can cause tissue overheating and perforation.",
"Active TB at ART initiation was associated with increased risk of mortality in HIV-1 infected patients.",
"Baseline LV dyssynchrony did not predict VT/VF/death or VT/VF in mild heart failure patients with or without LBBB. CRT-induced improvement of LV dyssynchrony was associated with significant reduction of ventricular arrhythmias in patients with LBBB.",
"Canagliflozin was associated with a small increase in incidence of UTIs in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, with no increase in serious or upper UTIs.",
"The AFR may potentially serve as a biomarker of electrophysiological effects in early evaluation of rhythm control agents.",
"Brain swelling on CT scan is a common finding in adult patients with cerebral malaria but is not related to coma depth or survival. Mannitol therapy as adjunctive treatment for brain swelling in adult cerebral malaria prolongs coma duration and may be harmful.",
"We showed reduced motor intracortical inhibition (ICI) and paradoxical increase of intracortical facilitation (ICF) to 1 Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in patients affected by migraine with aura (MA). In conditions of enhanced excitability due to a reduced inhibition, high-frequency rTMS was found to potentiate intracortical inhibition. Here we explored the conditioning effects of high-frequency priming stimulation of motor cortex with the aim of normalizing excitability reverting paradoxical facilitation by 1 Hz rTMS in MA. Nine patients with MA and nine healthy controls underwent a paired-pulse TMS paradigm to evaluate motor intracortical excitability (ICI and ICF) before and after the following rTMS conditions: 1 Hz alone or preceded by a real or sham conditioning high-frequency (10 Hz) rTMS. Sham was used to control for rTMS specificity. In baseline, ICI was significantly lower in migraineurs with respect to controls. One hertz stimulation reduced motor evoked potential amplitude and ICF in healthy controls, while it caused a significant paradoxical ICF increase in migraineurs. High-frequency rTMS conditioning normalized excitability in migraine, increasing short ICI and so reversing the paradoxical effects of 1 Hz rTMS. These findings raise the possibility that the interictal reduced intracortical inhibition in migraine could be normalized by high-frequency rTMS. This would open perspectives for new treatment strategies in migraine prevention.",
"Flecainide and digoxin were superior to sotalol in converting SVT to a normal rhythm and in slowing both AF and SVT to better-tolerated ventricular rates and therefore might be considered first to treat significant fetal tachyarrhythmia.",
"Department of Health and National Science Council, Taiwan.",
"The typical nonadherent patient is elderly. TDA records indicate that only a minority of patients are really adherent: predictive models to screen for poor adherence are needed.",
"In contrast to other studies, this large core laboratory-based analysis does not confirm a beneficial role of visible coronary collateral vessels on clinical outcomes in patients with ACS; the presence of collaterals was even associated with increased mortality in the unadjusted analysis. Collaterals were associated with a higher risk of TVR in patients undergoing PCI, a finding that may not have been fully corrected given confounders and clinical differences between the groups.",
"The study demonstrates that GH antagonism in T1D results in improved hepatic insulin sensitivity. Lack of consistent changes in free fatty acid levels may suggest a direct effect of GH on IS. Unchanged peripheral IS despite reductions in IMCL indicate that GH-induced alterations in IMCL may not be causally linked to glucose metabolism.",
"The incidence of SP in non-treated HIV-infected patients was 1.06%. The aetiology was related to the patients risk practices and to their degree of immunosuppression. Bacterial pneumonia was the most common cause of SP.",
"Stress Rb-82 PET provides significant and clinically meaningful effective risk stratification of women and men, supporting this modality as an alternative to comparative imaging modalities. Rb-82 PET findings were particularly helpful at identifying high-risk, older women.",
"The delimiting preventive medicine treatment during rest period of malaria was very effective for eliminating the potential infection source of malaria and reducing the morbidity of malaria.",
"Few trials have evaluated combination of two or more drugs in the preventive treatment of migraine. In this study three therapeutic regimens were compared: (a) propranolol, at a dose of 40 mg per day, (b) nortriptyline, at a dose of 20 mg per day, and (c) the combination of these two drugs in these dosages. The groups were matched according to age, gender, and frequency of migraine attacks prior to treatment. The period of treatment was two months and the frequency and intensity of headache attacks of the 30 days pre-treatment period were compared with the frequency of headaches in the treatment period. Fourteen patients in groups A and B and sixteen patients in group C have completed the study. Treatment with propranolol, alone or in combination, was shown to be effective. Treatment with nortriptyline alone was not effective. All three therapeutic regimens were safe and side effects were minimal. The frequency of discontinuation of the study was the same in the 3 groups but no patient left the study due to adverse reactions. The combined therapy proved to be as safe as the monotherapy. Further studies evaluating this and other possible combinations of drugs in higher doses and for longer periods, should more clearly elucidate the role of combined therapy in the treatment of migraine.",
"Switching to TRV improved SPK observed in a population using LAT, likely because of a decrease in exposure to BAC.",
"Successful recanalisation of CTO improves outcomes in long-term observation.",
"ICD procedures increased significantly in Australia between 2000-2009. Despite these increases, other studies have suggested ICD devices are currently under-utilised. During the study period, males accounted for the majority of ICD procedures. While there are numerous reasons for this, it is not known if device under-use is more common in females.",
"null",
"The degree of similarity between findings from the acceptability studies undertaken in sub-Saharan Africa and PNG allows some generalization relating to the implementation of IPTi outside of Africa: IPTi fits well with local health cultures, appears to be accepted easily and has little impact on attitudes towards EPI or malaria prevention. The study adds to the evidence indicating that IPTi could be rolled out in a range of social and cultural contexts.",
"Our study results support a fundamental re-evaluation of the role of neck pain in migraine.",
"Vestibular abnormalities were present interictally among both VM and M patients, but were found about twice as frequently among VM patients. This may indicate that subclinical vestibular dysfunction is an integral part of migraine pathology in general, and not solely in VM.",
"Taking these results into account, the ICW/BW and ECW/BW ratios, assessed with BIS, have proven to be good markers of the nutritional and inflammatory status of HD patients. BIS may be a useful tool for regularly assessing the nutritional and hydration status in these patients and may allow nutritional advice to be improved and adjusted.",
"null",
"Although limited by the non-controlled design of the study, our data suggest that intravenous methylergonovine can be an effective and safe drug in the management of severe migraine attacks in the emergency room.",
"All of the fixed combinations induced a significant reduction in intraocular pressure, and the travoprost/timolol group showed increased expression of the inflammatory markers HLA-DR and interleukin-6. All three tested medications resulted in some degree of deterioration in the ocular surface after three months of glaucoma treatment.",
"The rate of decrease in eGFR was correlated with serum phosphate and PTH levels and proteinuria. All of these factors can be modified with an adequate treatment.",
"Recent prior opioid use was associated with lower triptan response. Because of the post hoc nature of the analysis and limitations in capturing amount of opioid used, as well as to adjust for disability levels, these findings require replication in prospective studies.",
"In The Gambia, Mycobacterium tuberculosis (Mtb) and Mycobacterium africanum (Maf) are major causes of tuberculosis (TB). Maf is more likely to cause TB in immune suppressed individuals, implying differences in virulence. Despite this, few studies have assessed the underlying immunity to the two pathogens in human. In this study, we analyzed T-cell responses from 19 Maf- and 29 Mtb-infected HIV-negative patients before and after TB chemotherapy following overnight stimulation of whole blood with TB-specific antigens. Before treatment, percentages of early secreted antigenic target-6(ESAT-6)/culture filtrate protein-10(CFP-10) and purified protein derivative-specific single-TNF-α-producing CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells were significantly higher while single-IL-2-producing T cells were significantly lower in Maf- compared with Mtb-infected patients. Purified protein derivative-specific polyfunctional CD4(+) T cells frequencies were significantly higher before than after treatment, but there was no difference between the groups at both time points. Furthermore, the proportion of CD3(+) CD11b(+) T cells was similar in both groups pretreatment, but was significantly lower with higher TNF-α, IL-2, and IFN-γ production in Mtb- compared with that of Maf-infected patients posttreatment. Our data provide evidence of differences in T-cell responses to two mycobacterial strains with differing virulence, providing some insight into TB pathogenesis with different Mtb strains that could be prospectively explored as biomarkers for TB protection or susceptibility.",
"The present findings may imply that HC has a significantly greater impact on better management of oral health and glycaemic control than HE. It is notable that the impact was more significant among high-risk group patients, thus HC may be recommended especially for high-risk group patients.",
"Surgical face masks on patients with MDR-TB significantly reduced transmission and offer an adjunct measure for reducing TB transmission from infectious patients.",
"A 44-year-old woman with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and a noradrenaline-secreting phaeochromocytoma is described. She experienced as great improvement in cardiovascular symptoms during double-blind treatment with the calcium-channel blocker nifedipine compared with the placebo period. Symptom relief on nifedipine therapy was associated with a pronounced decline in elevated urinary noradrenaline levels. This observation suggests that calcium-channel blockers interfere with the release of noradrenaline from phaeochromocytoma tissue and thus may be beneficial in patients with phaeochromocytoma.",
"null",
"The relationship between the EQ-5D questionnaire and the HIT-6 or the MSQ is adequate to use regression equations to estimate EQ-5D questionnaire utility values. The preferred HIT-6 and MSQ algorithms will be useful in estimating health-state utilities in migraine trials in which no preference-based measure is present.",
"The recently completed BABY HUG trial investigated the safety and efficacy of hydroxyurea in infants with sickle cell anemia (SCA). To investigate the effects of known genetic modifiers, genomic DNA on 190 randomized subjects were analyzed for alpha thalassemia, beta-globin haplotype, polymorphisms affecting endogenous fetal hemoglobin (HbF) levels (XmnI, BCL11A, and HBS1L-MYB), UGT1A1 promoter polymorphisms, and the common G6PD A(-) mutation. At study entry, infants with alpha thalassemia trait had significantly lower mean corpuscular volume, total bilirubin, and absolute reticulocyte count. Beta-globin haplotypes associated with milder disease had significantly higher hemoglobin and %HbF. BCL11A and XmnI polymorphisms had significant effects on baseline HbF, while UGT1A1 promoter polymorphisms significantly influenced baseline serum bilirubin. At study exit, subjects randomized to placebo still exhibited laboratory effects of alpha thalassemia and other modifiers, while those assigned hydroxyurea had treatment effects that exceeded most genetic influences. The pain phenotype was influenced by HbF modifiers in both treatment groups. These data document that genetic polymorphisms do modify laboratory and clinical phenotypes even in very young patients with SCA. The hydroxyurea effects are more potent, however, indicating that treatment criteria should not be limited to certain genetic subsets, and supporting the use of hydroxyurea for all young patients with SCA.",
"A pre-implantation history of heart failure, CAD, and diabetes are the most important predictors for worse prognosis in PM recipients. Without baseline heart disease, survival rates equal that of the general population, suggesting that the prognosis of contemporary PM recipients is mainly determined by comorbid diseases and a bradycardia pacing indication as such does not influence survival.",
"Both DTFC and timolol provided significant IOP reduction over the entire 24-hour measurement period. Although this study was not designed or powered to compare DTFC and timolol, DTFC exhibited greater IOP-lowering than timolol during the daytime, but not at night.",
"Placing chest tubes on continuous low pressure suction after penetrating chest trauma helps evacuation of blood, expansion of lung and prevents the development of clotted Haemothorax. It also reduces the time to removal of chest drains, the hospital stay and the chances of surgery for clotted Haemothorax or Empyema.",
"null",
"The present study found that acute ischemic stroke patients with AF more frequently had poor outcome after IV-t-PA therapy compared with those without AF.",
"AS+MEF is as effective as AL, and both combinations were efficacious and safe.",
"In Ireland, there are four anticoagulants available for prescribing to patients with atrial fibrillation for stroke prevention. A key feature of the three most recent anticoagulants is that monitoring is redundant. Despite this, there is continued prescribing of the incumbent anticoagulant, warfarin, which requires monitoring. Lack of information regarding the cost of monitoring, and the extra burden it places on health budgets and patients, motivated this costing study. Using micro costing, the costs of warfarin treatment (including monitoring) was disaggregated and isolated from both the patients' and health care provider's perspectives in a Cork hospital. Costs to the health care provider per patient per clinic visited were 21.57 Euros. Patient costs incurred per patient per clinic were 48.50 Euros. Thus, the total costs per patient per visit were 70.07 Euros. This result reveals that while the pharmaceutical cost of warfarin is low; it is not an inexpensive therapy when monitoring costs are considered.",
"On the basis of 3 different methods for assessing thyroid uptake of (123)I, use of thyroid blockade pretreatment in (123)I-mIBG imaging prevents increase of thyroid activity over time because of uptake of unbound (123)I. In most subjects, there is a low level of (123)I-mIBG thyroid activity that probably represents specific uptake in sympathetic nerve terminals.",
"RLS prevalence in CM is within the upper range of those reported in episodic migraine without aura or in the general population, and not higher in MOH. PFO is thus unlikely to have a significant causal role in these chronic headaches.",
"Stimulant medication positively impacted select measures of memory and inhibitory control in some children with SCD. Attention, as rated by parent and teachers, was improved for a greater number of children and adolescents on higher doses of MPH relative to LD MPH and placebo. Stimulant medication may provide an effective intervention for some children with SCD and cerebrovascular complications who demonstrate attention problems.",
"Brinzolamide and timolol added to latanoprost have similar ocular hypotensive effects and safety in primary open-angle glaucoma, normal-tension glaucoma, or ocular hypertension.",
"Dronedarone, an amiodarone analog, was developed to be a safer alternative to amiodarone. Dronedarone is useful in suppressing atrial fibrillation/flutter and controlling the ventricular response. Dronedarone reduced cardiovascular hospitalization in the ATHENA trial (A placebo-controlled, double-blind, parallel arm Trial to assess the efficacy of dronedarone 400 mg bid for the prevention of cardiovascular Hospitalization or death from any cause in patiENts with Atrial fibrillation/atrial flutter). This paper reviews the results of ATHENA, including subsequent sub-analyses of the trial. These results raise the hypothesis that many of the benefits noted from this trial may be secondary to more than the antiarrhythmic properties of dronedarone. Future studies will clarify the mechanisms of this beneficial effect.",
"Early phacoemulsification appeared to be more effective in preventing IOP rise than LPI in patients after abortion of APAC. High presenting IOP of >55 mmHg is an added risk factor for subsequent IOP rise. For patients with coexisting cataract and presenting IOP of >55 mmHg, early phacoemulsification can be considered as a definitive treatment to prevent IOP rise.",
"With thorough focus debridement, bone grafting, and internal fixation, the efficacy of ultra-short chemotherapy was similar to that of standard chemotherapy for the treatment of spinal tuberculosis. The ultra-short-course chemotherapy can shorten the course of treatment and reduce drug side effects.",
"Major efforts by study centres, together with support from collaborating parties, have allowed standardized methods and robust quality assurance processes to be put in place for the phase III evaluation of the RTS, S/AS01 malaria candidate vaccine. Extensive training programmes, coupled with continuous commitment from research centre staff, have been the key elements behind the successful implementation of quality processes. It is expected these activities will culminate in healthcare benefits for the subjects and communities participating in these trials.",
"Brinzolamide 1% (b.i.d) used adjunctively with travoprost 0.004% (q.d.) lowers intraocular pressure significantly compared to travoprost alone. Both drugs were well tolerated and safe in the studied patients.",
"Short-term treatment with high-dose statin is superior to a nonstatin lipid-lowering regimen in reducing the macrophage cell content within atherosclerotic lesions, but this effect was determined by the degree of LDL-C-lowering.",
"In patients with persistent atrial fibrillation treated with anti-arrhythmic drugs, lack of obesity, duration of atrial fibrillation < 1 year and the absence of structural heart disease are predictors of reversion to sinus rhythm before electrical cardioversion.",
"In the 14 months after the first dose of vaccine, the incidence of first episodes of clinical malaria in the first 6000 children in the older age category was 0.32 episodes per person-year in the RTS,S/AS01 group and 0.55 episodes per person-year in the control group, for an efficacy of 50.4% (95% confidence interval [CI], 45.8 to 54.6) in the intention-to-treat population and 55.8% (97.5% CI, 50.6 to 60.4) in the per-protocol population. Vaccine efficacy against severe malaria was 45.1% (95% CI, 23.8 to 60.5) in the intention-to-treat population and 47.3% (95% CI, 22.4 to 64.2) in the per-protocol population. Vaccine efficacy against severe malaria in the combined age categories was 34.8% (95% CI, 16.2 to 49.2) in the per-protocol population during an average follow-up of 11 months. Serious adverse events occurred with a similar frequency in the two study groups. Among children in the older age category, the rate of generalized convulsive seizures after RTS,S/AS01 vaccination was 1.04 per 1000 doses (95% CI, 0.62 to 1.64).",
"Topically applied ophthalmic drugs are a potential cause of allergic contact dermatitis of the periorbital region. The objectives of this study were to assess the frequency and spectrum of contact allergy to topically applied beta-blocker containing eye drops. Data of the Information Network of Departments of Dermatology (IVDK) collected between 1993 and 2004 was analysed. Out of 112,430 patch-tested patients, 332 had been tested with their own topical anti-glaucoma eye drops containing different beta-blockers because of suspected allergic contact dermatitis. The frequency of positive test reactions was related to exposure intensity, as estimated by annual prescription rates in Germany. A total of 43/332 (12.95%) showed at least one positive patch test reaction. Positive reactions were observed to products containing timolol (n = 21), metipranolol (n = 13) and levobunolol (n = 11) without conceivable cross-reactivity. Whereas exposure to beta-blocker-containing eye drops remained stable over the years, as estimated by the prescription rates, a slight, non-significant increase in positive patch-reactions to these substances was noted. This is the first systematic analysis of a large set of data on patients' own beta-blocker topical medications, the results indicating that contact allergy should be considered as important, if rare, adverse event caused by this family of drugs.",
"A total of 88 subjects were randomized to treatment (n = 22 per sequence; 10 males and 12 females). The largest upper bounds of the 90% CIs of mean treatment differences from placebo were 4.44 and 3.39 ms for ipragliflozin 600 and 100 mg, respectively, in all subjects, indicating no clinically relevant effect on QTcF interval. No specific effects were observed when the data were analyzed according to sex. No subject showed outlier QTcF intervals > 480 ms or a time-matched change from baseline > 60 ms. Moxifloxacin confirmed assay sensitivity for QTcF interval prolongation; the lower bound of the 2-sided 90% CIs at 3 hours postdose was 11.7 ms (> 5 ms).",
"Medicinal herbs, used in indigenous medicines in crude forms for the management of diabetes mellitus, contain both the organic and inorganic constituents. The aim of the study was to find out the hypoglycemic effect of Ficus racemosa in a group of diabetic subjects taking oral hypoglycemic drug. Twenty five of each, male and female, diabetic patients, selected from Fatima Jinnah Medical College, Lahore, Pakistan, taking oral hypoglycemic drug were included in this study and were given orally the extract (5 mL) of bark of Ficus racemosa (about 100 mg) two times for 15 days. Blood samples for estimation of blood glucose and parameters of liver and renal functions were estimated. It was observed that after taking the herb in combination with drug, blood glucose level (fasting and after breakfast) was markedly decreased in both male and female but significant difference was only observed in sugar level of males after 1.5 h after breakfast. To rule out herb toxicity, liver and renal functions tests of patients was also performed which were observed to be in normal range. Present investigation established a pharmacological evidence to support the folklore claim that Ficus racemosa is good anti-diabetic agent.",
"Fourteen adults with spontaneous pneumothorax (SP), 9 of whom had primary SP (PSP) and 5 of whom had secondary forms (SSP), were given intrapleural infusions of self-donated blood for pleurodesis. Instillations of 50 ml were given to all except 1, who required a total volume of 120 ml. The procedure was performed in each patient's bed in all cases. With apical chest tube placement in most cases and the lung expanded, the outer tip of the tube was elevated and the patient's own blood was taken from a superficial forearm vein and instilled. Them, with the tube occluded, the patient's were rotated un bed for a period of 2 hours to distribute the blood evenly throughout the pleural cavity. Tolerance was excellent, with no pain reported by any patient. The only noteworthy complication was 1 case of infectious pleural effusion of unknown etiology which was treated by evacuation and antibiotics. In 13 (92%) patients closure of the fistula was achieved, in under 12 h in 7 (53%), in under 24 h in 3 (23%), in under 48 h in 2 (15%), and in under 72 h in the remaining 2 (15%). In 4 (28.5%) there was recurrence (2 SSP and 2 PSP patients). Over a 10 to 32 month follow-up period (mean 16 months), 10 (71.4%) patients experienced no recurrences or complications. These results allow us to speculate that blood instilled in the pleural cavity may act in 2 ways: in the short term as a blood patch that adheres to and closes the fistula in the visceral pleura, and over the longer term by creating pleural symphysis by adhesions and fibrous tissue. Our limited experience indicates that pleurodesis with self-donated blood is an easy-to-perform, painless, convenient, rapid and inexpensive procedure that is moderately effective in the short and medium term. Its main drawbacks are the lack of consensus on certain technical considerations, such as the optimum amount of blood to be instilled, the number of instillations to perform and, if multiple instillations are carried out, what the interval between them should be. Further study is needed to confirm or discount our results and to determine the place this technique may have in the clinical management of pneumothorax.",
"Topical and oral ketorolac strengthens the latanoprost-induced IOP-lowering effect both in glaucomatous patients and in healthy subjects.",
"Kidney function before PTA is a strong independent predictor of ESRD. These results may inform patient selection and the use of targeted interventions to reduce the risk of progressive kidney impairment in this patient population.",
"Although the outcomes of either mitral valve repair or replacement for moderate-to-severe mitral regurgitation in patients undergoing concomitant aortic valve replacement show no statistical significance in terms of long-term survival and valve-related event rates, DVR seems more hazardous than AVR plus MVr based on the estimated HR in terms of survival.",
"The occurrence of incidentally discovered adrenocortical carcinomas and pheochromocytomas is not rare. Evaluation of the mass size and CT characteristics are simple and effective methods to differentiate malignant lesions. Biochemical screening for pheochromocytoma is mandatory before surgery.",
"In this long-term follow-up analysis of DES compared to BMS in Japanese patients with AMI, there was no significant difference in the incidence of MACE. Although a lower rate of TLR was observed in DES group within the first year, the superiority of DES in relation to the incidence of TLR disappeared after the first year following primary percutaneous coronary intervention.",
"We assessed the effect of mass azithromycin treatment on malaria parasitemia in a trachoma trial in Niger. Twenty-four study communities received treatment during the wet, high-transmission season. Twelve of the 24 communities were randomized to receive an additional treatment during the dry, low-transmission season. Outcome measurements were conducted at the community-level in children < 1-72 months of age in May-June 2011. Parasitemia was higher in the 12 once-treated communities (29.8%, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 21.5-40.0%) than in the 12 twice-treated communities (19.5%, 95% CI = 13.0-26.5%, P = 0.03). Parasite density was higher in once-treated communities (354 parasites/μL, 95% CI = 117-528 parasites/μL) than in twice-treated communities (74 parasites/μL, 95% CI = 41-202 parasites/μL, P = 0.03). Mass distribution of azithromycin reduced malaria parasitemia 4-5 months after the intervention. The results suggest that drugs with antimalaria activity can have long-lasting impacts on malaria during periods of low transmission.",
"The recombinant circumsporozoite protein (CS) based vaccine, RTS,S, confers protection against Plasmodium falciparum infection in controlled challenge trials and in field studies. The RTS,S recombinant antigen has been formulated with two adjuvant systems, AS01 and AS02, which have both been shown to induce strong specific antibody responses and CD4 T cell responses in adults. As infants and young children are particularly susceptible to malaria infection and constitute the main target population for a malaria vaccine, we have evaluated the induction of adaptive immune responses in young children living in malaria endemic regions following vaccination with RTS,S/AS01(E) and RTS,S/AS02(D). Our data show that a CS-specific memory B cell response is induced one month after the second and third vaccine dose and that CS-specific antibodies and memory B cells persist up to 12 months after the last vaccine injection. Both formulations also induced low but significant amounts of CS-specific IL-2(+) CD4(+) T cells one month after the second and third vaccine dose, upon short-term in vitro stimulation of whole blood cells with peptides covering the entire CS derived sequence in RTS,S. These results provide evidence that both RTS,S/AS01(E) and RTS,S/AS02(D) induced adaptive immune responses including antibodies, circulating memory B cells and CD4(+) T cells directed against P. falciparum CS protein.",
"These findings suggest that differences in the burden of risk factors, especially socioeconomic status, may contribute to the higher rates of dementia seen among black compared with white older people. Strategies aimed at reducing these disparities may favorably affect the incidence of dementia.",
"We performed a prospective comparative study to examine, from a pharmacogenetics perspective, the effect of rifampicin (RIF) on long-term efavirenz (EFV) autoinduction and kinetics. In a study population of patients with HIV receiving EFV with RIF (arm 2, n = 54) or without RIF (arm 1, n = 128 controls), intraindividual and interindividual plasma EFV and 8-hydroxyefavirenz levels were compared at weeks 4 and 16 of EFV therapy. In arm 2, RIF was initiated 4 weeks before starting EFV. In controls (arm 1), the plasma EFV was significantly lower whereas 8-hydroxyefavirenz was higher at week 16 as compared to week 4. By contrast, there were no significant differences in plasma EFV and 8-hydroxyefavirenz concentrations over time in arm 2. At week 4, the plasma EFV concentration was significantly lower in arm 2 as compared to arm 1, but no significant differences were observed by week 16. When stratified by CYP2B6 genotype, significant differences were observed only with respect to CYP2B6*1/*1 genotypes. Ours is the first report of the CYP2B6 genotype-dependent effect of RIF on long-term EFV autoinduction.",
"Pleurodesis provoked by instillation of silver nitrate as prevention against recurrence in primary spontaneous pneumothorax has been used for many years in the Department of Thoracic Surgery, Gentofte Hospital, University of Copenhagen. The treatment was originally instituted on a theoretical empiric basis. In a prospective, controlled investigation of pleurodesis versus simple drainage the empiric observations have been confirmed. With simple drainage we found ipsilateral recurrence of pneumothorax in 45%, while no recurrences in the pleurodesis group were found during an observation period of 5-19 months. The difference was statistically significant. The therapeutical gain using pleurodesis was 45% +/- 30%. Silver nitrate pleurodesis results in a longer hospitalization, raises the number of pleurocentesis because of increased pleural effusion and results in more pain than simple drainage. It is, however, our experience that the considerable therapeutical gain more than compensates for these negative effects. We recommend pleurodesis as the treatment of choice in primary spontaneous pneumothorax in patients with only tiny blebs on the surface of the lungs.",
"The observed alterations of semen parameters due to sickle cell disease seem to be exacerbated by hydroxyurea treatment. Until prospective studies reveal reassuring findings, we suggest that a pre-treatment sperm analysis be performed and sperm cryopreservation be offered to patients before hydroxyurea treatment.",
"Atrial SRM is identified on LGE-MRI, and extensive LGE (≥30% LA wall enhancement) predicts poor response to catheter ablation therapy for AF.",
"null",
"Spontaneous pneumothorax, in both the primary and secondary variants, is a relatively frequent disease, occurring at all ages. Management of spontaneous pneumothorax is not standardised. Furthermore, few attempts have been made in the literature to codify the diagnostic workup and treatment. The aim of the present study is to report the results of a nationwide fact-finding survey, focused on current practice in the management of spontaneous pneumothorax by thoracic surgeons. A questionnaire, consisting of items in 6 major areas, was prepared and e-mailed to 49 thoracic surgery units in Italy. Thirty-five centres responded. The results (collected in a database presented at the XXX Congress of the Italian Society of Thoracic Surgeons in October 2006) show agreement on some questions (surgical indications, thoracoscopy as the first-choice surgical technique, use of mechanical staplers...) and a great variability of ideas and attitudes on others (CT scanning in primary spontaneous pneumothorax, definition of persistent air-leak, clamping of the chest tube before removal, pleurodesis techniques, postoperative chest X-ray schedule...). It is the authors' opinion that further work is needed in order to achieve a greater measure of agreement in the management of primary and secondary pneumothorax.",
"null",
"Adjunctive treatment with cilostazol in T2DM patients on standard dual antiplatelet therapy might be a more effective strategy for overcoming clopidogrel resistance than clopidogrel doubling treatment.",
"A negative TST is associated with an increased risk of death among persons with culture-confirmed TB disease, even after adjustment for HIV status, site of TB disease, sputum smear AFB status, drug susceptibility, age, sex, and origin of birth. In addition to indicating risk of developing disease, the TST may also be a marker for increased risk of death.",
"The urinary trypsin inhibitor (ulinastatin) is used in the clinic to prevent inflammatory responses in patients undergoing cardiopulmonary bypass (CPB); however, the anti-inflammatory mechanism is unclear. In the current study, we recruited 40 patients undergoing selective cardiac valve replacement surgery; and these patients were randomly divided into two groups (ulinastatin group [UG] and control group [CG]). We collected peripheral blood preoperatively, at the end of CPB, and postoperative days 1 and 3 and analyzed the kinetic changes in regulatory T (Treg) cell subsets. There was no statistically significant difference in the number of CD4(+) T cells between the two groups. The number of CD4(+)CD25(+) Treg cells, especially the suppressive activated Treg (aTreg) subset, was higher in the UG than the CG 1 and 3 days postoperatively. Thus, ulinastatin alleviated the inflammatory response during CPB by inducing the expansion of aTreg cells.",
"Impaired fasting glucose (IFG) blunts the reversal of impaired glucose tolerance (IGT) after exercise training. Metabolic inflexibility has been implicated in the etiology of insulin resistance; however, the efficacy of exercise on peripheral and hepatic insulin sensitivity or substrate utilization in adults with IFG, IGT, or IFG + IGT is unknown. Twenty-four older (66.7 ± 0.8 yr) obese (34.2 ± 0.9 kg/m(2)) adults were categorized as IFG (n = 8), IGT (n = 8), or IFG + IGT (n = 8) according to a 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). Subjects underwent 12-wk of exercise (60 min/day for 5 days/wk at ∼85% HRmax) and were instructed to maintain a eucaloric diet. A euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp (40 mU·m(2)·min(-1)) with [6,6-(2)H]glucose was used to determine peripheral and hepatic insulin sensitivity. Nonoxidative glucose disposal and metabolic flexibility [insulin-stimulated respiratory quotient (RQ) minus fasting RQ] were also assessed. Glucose incremental area under the curve (iAUCOGTT) was calculated from the OGTT. Exercise increased clamp-derived peripheral and hepatic insulin sensitivity more in adults with IFG or IGT alone than with IFG + IGT (P < 0.05). Exercise reduced glucose iAUCOGTT in IGT only (P < 0.05), and the decrease in glucose iAUCOGTT was inversely correlated with the increase in peripheral but not hepatic insulin sensitivity (P < 0.01). Increased clamp-derived peripheral insulin sensitivity was also correlated with enhanced metabolic flexibility, reduced fasting RQ, and higher nonoxidative glucose disposal (P < 0.05). Adults with IFG + IGT had smaller gains in clamp-derived peripheral insulin sensitivity and metabolic flexibility, which was related to blunted improvements in postprandial glucose. Additional work is required to assess the molecular mechanism(s) by which chronic hyperglycemia modifies insulin sensitivity following exercise training.",
"A double blind controlled trial of supplementation with folic acid has been performed in 117 children with homozygous sickle cell (SS) disease aged 6 months to 4 years over a 1 year period. No megaloblastic change was observed in either group. At the end of the study period the folate supplemented group showed no significant differences in haemoglobin, growth characteristics, or in the proportion of children affected by major or minor infections, acute splenic sequestration, dactylitis or episodes of bone or abdominal pain. However, the folate supplemented group showed a significantly lower mean cell volume and the placebo group contained a significant excess of children experiencing multiple episodes of dactylitis. The results are compatible with mild folate deficiency in some patients in the placebo group but the absence of striking effects on haematology or growth suggest that the policy of regular folate supplementation in children with SS disease should be critically reviewed.",
"Volatile anesthetic appear to provide definite cardioprotection to pediatric myocardium. No conclusion can be drawn regarding the best preconditioning agent among isoflurane, sevoflurane, and desflurane.",
"Canagliflozin improved glycaemia and reduced body weight vs placebo (week 26) and sitagliptin (week 52) and was generally well tolerated in patients with type 2 diabetes on metformin.",
"Among patients with paroxysmal AF without previous antiarrhythmic drug treatment, radiofrequency ablation compared with antiarrhythmic drugs resulted in a lower rate of recurrent atrial tachyarrhythmias at 2 years. However, recurrence was frequent in both groups.",
"Early adherence to treatment with a prostaglandin analogue is good, but patients prefer morning administration to evening administration. This may lead to greater adherence with morning administration, particularly among men. Adherence decreases from the first to second month after initiation of treatment. IOP response to this treatment is not significantly affected by morning versus evening administration.",
"Neonatal electrocardiographic screening can identify infants likely to be affected by long-QT syndrome in the Japanese population, as already shown in whites. This screening may also be useful in identifying other important cardiac diseases.",
"Increasing the artesunate treatment dose up to 8 mg/kg/d or splitting the dose does not improve parasite clearance in either artemisinin resistant or more sensitive infections with P. falciparum. Clinical Trials Registration. ISRCTN15351875.",
"The results of an open prospective trial on the treatment of migraine with vasobral which was conducted in 170 medical centers (27 cities) of the Russian Federation are summarized. The trial included 5475 patients treated with vasobral in dosage 2 ml (1 ml contains 1 mg of alpha-dihydroergocryptine and 10 mg of caffeine) twice a day during 2 months. Assessment criteria of treatment efficacy were frequency and duration of migraine seizures, pain syndrome severity, presence of concomitant syndromes, general state and working capacity of patients and side-effects. Vasobral was effective and safe medication for the prevention of migraine. Its preventive effect is due to the decrease of frequency and duration of migraine seizures, pain severity and to the overall improvement of patient's state. Vasobral can be recommended to many migraine patients, in particular to those in the young age and with short disease duration.",
"The Global Alliance for TB Drug Development (TB Alliance).",
"Perioperative alpha(1) block using i.v. urapidil is a safe and efficient alternative during surgical management of phaeochromocytoma.",
"The aim of this prospective study was to determine the rate of recurrence for spontaneous pneumothorax (SP) after tetracycline pleurodesis (TCP), using that of observation, tube thoracostomy alone, and thoracotomy as references. From 1985 to the end of 1991, 78 patients were treated with tetracycline pleurodesis and 135 patients served as control subjects. Pleurodesis was induced by instillation of tetracycline and ascorbic acid through the pleural drain. The indication was any SP treated with tube thoracostomy, without active pulmonary infection. Follow-up period was from 13 to 95 months (mean, 45 months); follow-up rate was 94 percent. Post-therapy surgery was necessary for eight patients in whom pleurodesis failed due to presence of a persistent air leak. The ipsilateral recurrence rate of patients treated with TCP was 9 percent (6/66) and recurrence time ranged from 2 days to 9 months. The recurrence rate for patients treated with observation was 36 percent, 35 percent for those having chest tube alone, and none for those undergoing surgery. No death occurred as a direct result of this procedure and all patients could be released from the hospital. Eleven subjects died during the follow-up period; the mean follow-up until death was 37 months (range, 2 to 87 months). Five deaths were due to respiratory causes and six were due to extrapulmonary causes. Tetracycline pleurodesis has been shown to be a good alternative for the prevention of recurrence of SP. Its recurrence rate is lower than that of tube drainage but higher than that of surgical treatment.",
"Despite improving success rate of percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) for chronic total occlusion (CTO) lesions, the clinical benefit of recanalization of CTO is still a matter of debate. Of 13,087 patients who underwent PCI in the CREDO-Kyoto registry cohort-2, 1,524 patients received PCI for CTO (CTO-PCI). Clinical outcomes were compared between 1,192 patients with successful CTO-PCI and 332 patients with failed CTO-PCI. In-hospital death tended to occur less frequently in the successful CTO-PCI group than in the failed CTO-PCI group (1.4% vs 3.0%, p = 0.053). Through 3-year follow-up, the cumulative incidence of all-cause death was not significantly different between the successful and failed CTO-PCI groups (9.0% vs 13.1%, p = 0.18), whereas the cumulative incidence of cardiac death was significantly less in the successful CTO-PCI group than in the failed CTO-PCI group (4.5% vs 8.4%, p = 0.03). However, after adjusting confounders, successful CTO-PCI was associated with lesser risk for neither all-cause death (hazard ratio 0.93, 95% confidence interval 0.64 to 1.37, p = 0.69) nor cardiac death (hazard ratio 0.71, 95% confidence interval 0.44 to 1.16, p = 0.16). The cumulative incidence of coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) was remarkably less in patients with successful PCI compared with those with failed PCI (1.8% vs 19.6%, p <0.0001). In conclusion, successful CTO-PCI compared with failed PCI was not associated with lesser risk for 3-year mortality. However, successful CTO-PCI was associated with significantly less subsequent CABG.",
"Migration implies great challenges in the organization of health interventions that require repeat visits in Gabon. This was apparent in the study as the cost-effectiveness of IPTp-SP worsened when drop out from the prevention was taken into account. Despite such challenges, IPTi was both inexpensive and efficacious in averting cases of moderate anaemia in infants.",
"Our developmental clinical trial will address the feasibility of FFR measurement in NSTEMI and the influence of FFR disclosure on treatment decisions and health and economic outcomes.",
"This study provides evidence that connecting TB-tobacco treatment strategy is significant among TB patients who are smokers. The findings suggest that the integrated approach may be beneficial and confer advantages on short-term outcomes and possibly on future lung health of TB patients who quit smoking. This study may have important implications on health policy and clinical practice related to TB management among tobacco users.",
"A restricted post-procedural systolic-diastolic distal BA range resulted in higher 5-year adverse event rates after LMCA bifurcation PCI. Pre-PCI BA value did not affect the clinical outcome.",
"Monthly culture is usually recommended to monitor treatment of multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB). As mycobacterial laboratory capacity is limited in many settings, TB programs need evidence to decide whether monthly cultures are necessary compared to other approaches. We simulated three alternative monitoring strategies (culture every 2 or 3 months, and monthly smears alone) in a cohort of MDR-TB patients in Estonia, Latvia, Philippines, Russia and Peru from 2000 to 2004. This retrospective analysis illustrated that less frequent testing delays confirmation of bacteriological conversion. This would prolong intensive treatment, hospitalization and respiratory isolation, increasing cost and toxicity. After conversion, less frequent testing could delay diagnosis of possible treatment failure.",
"Migraine with aura affects ~20-30 % of migraineurs and it is much less common than migraine without aura. The aim of this study was to compare the efficacy of frovatriptan 2.5 mg and zolmitriptan 2.5 mg in the treatment of migraine with aura. Analysis was carried out in a subset of 18 subjects with migraine with aura (HIS criteria) out of the 107 enrolled in a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, cross-over study. According to the study design, each patient had to treat three episodes of migraine in no more than 3 months with one drug, before switching to the other treatment. The rate of pain-free episodes at 2 h was significantly (p < 0.05) larger under frovatriptan (45.8 %) than under zolmitriptan (16.7 %). Pain free at 4 h, pain relief at 2 and 4 h and recurrent episodes were similar between the two treatments, while sustained pain-free episode was significantly (p < 0.05) more frequent during frovatriptan treatment (33.3 vs. 8.3 % zolmitriptan). Our study suggests that frovatriptan is superior to zolmitriptan in the immediate treatment of patients with migraine with aura, and it is capable of maintaining its acute analgesic effect over 48 h.",
"The mean cost of care for AF patients admitted via the emergency department is strongly associated with the degree of severity. Approximately 85% of the total cost is related to the cost of hospital days and medical procedures. Hypertension is the most common secondary diagnosis. An optimal treatment of this risk factor could help to reduce the risk of atrial fibrillation, and thereby reduce the morbidity and costs associated with this disease.",
"Epidemiological studies have argued that green tea could mitigate diabetes and its complications. This study investigated the phytophenolic profile of Mauritian green tea and its antioxidant propensity. The effect of green tea on the risk factors: waist-hip ratio, glucose level, arterial pressure, antioxidant status, and alanine aminotransferase (ALT) in prediabetics was assessed. The experimental group consumed 3 cups of green tea daily for 14 weeks followed by a 2-week washout period. The control group followed a water regimen. Green tea contained high level of phenolics related to its antioxidant power. Green tea suppressed waist-hip ratio of women from a significant increase and suppressed mean arterial pressure of men and women from a significant decrease after week 14. It reduced ALT level in women by 13.0% (P < 0.1) while increasing the antioxidant potential of men and women sera by 2.7% (P < 0.1) and 5.1% (P < 0.1). The study timescale may have been too short to enable demonstration of effects on fasting plasma glucose and HbA1c outcomes. Green tea regimen could form part of a healthy lifestyle that might ameliorate features of metabolic syndrome and subsequent risks for diabetes and its complications. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01248143.",
"Both 2D and 4D methods for assessing first-trimester heart parameters are feasible and repeatable within and between observers. Color Doppler adds valuable information to both methods.",
"Individual adherence with brimonidine was highly variable and pharmacologically insufficient for more than two-third of the patients. Special attention should be paid to compliance of patients with normal-tension glaucoma. Our findings underline the need to improve individual adherence and drug delivery in topical glaucoma therapy.",
"Division of Intramural Research, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, National Institutes of Health.",
"Migraine is a common neurological disorder and epidemiological studies have documented its high social and economic impact. Unfortunately, preventive treatment is often insufficient to substantially reduce migraine frequency or it is not well tolerated. Antiepileptic drugs are increasingly used in migraine prevention. However, data on efficacy and tolerability of pregabalin in patients with migraine are still lacking. Our aim was to evaluate efficacy and tolerability of pregabalin in patients with migraine. We recruited 47 patients who started pregabalin at 75 mg/day, which was titrated to 300 mg/day as tolerated. A total of six patients (13%) reported one or more side effects during the intake of pregabalin; however, three of them discontinued pregabalin, because side effects were intolerable and persistent. Statistically significant reduction in migraine frequency compared to baseline (p < 0.001) was evident after 1 and 3 months of treatment. A greater frequency reduction was observed in those patients who increased the dosage within the first month of therapy. Our data suggest that pregabalin may be well tolerated and may represent an alternative preventive treatment in migraneurs. Limitations of the present study were a small sample size and an uncontrolled, open-label design; further randomized case-control studies are warranted to confirm our findings.",
"This marks the first time a single drop has been used for this type of evaluation. These findings suggest that both bimatoprost and travoprost provide comparable and lasting control of circadian IOP in patients with glaucoma or ocular hypertension.",
"In the United States, Latinos experience disproportionately higher rates of type 2 diabetes and diabetes-related complications than non-Latino whites. Sugar-sweetened beverage (SSB) consumption is strongly associated with increased risk of developing type 2 diabetes. Reducing caloric intake, particularly from energy-dense, low-nutrient foods or beverages, can be an effective and key strategy for metabolic and weight control. However, little is known about the contribution of various types of beverages, including but not limited to SSBs, to total caloric intake among Latinos with type 2 diabetes. Low-income Latinos (87.7% Puerto Rican) participating in a diabetes self-management intervention trial (N=238) provided cross-sectional, descriptive data on beverage-consumption patterns, anthropometric outcomes, and metabolic characteristics. Beverages accounted for one fifth of the total daily caloric intake. SSBs and milk beverages, respectively, contributed 9.6% of calories to overall daily caloric intake. Interventions directed at diabetes risk factors among low-income Latinos with diabetes can benefit from consideration of beverage-consumption behaviors as an important strategy to reduce caloric and sugar intake.",
"URL: clinicaltrials.gov. Identifier: NCTO1239914.",
"We compared latanoprost monotherapy therapy with timolol/ dorzolamide in patients with primary open-angle glaucoma to evaluate the effects on intraocular pressure (IOP) and occurrence of adverse events. IOP and topical side effects were evaluated at the beginning, first, and third months. Mean IOP was decreased at the third month. The most common side effect was hyperemia (43.6%). We concluded that latanoprost reduces IOP better than fixed combination and its topical side effects are tolerable.",
"The addition of dorzolamide to morning-dosed bimatoprost had an additive hypotensive effect only on the night-time IOP curve at 4:00 h and resulted in a lower IOP fluctuation. Dorzolamide added to bimatoprost may reduce vascular resistance in the OA.",
"Bimatoprost 0.01% and travoprost/timolol are both effective at reducing IOP in subjects with stable IOP control on latanoprost and timolol, but bimatoprost 0.01% is associated with less hyperemia.",
"SDH-B mutation carriers develop disease early and predominantly in extra-adrenal locations. Disease penetrance is incomplete. Metastatic disease is prominent but levels are less than previously reported. Clinical manifestations may include papillary renal cell carcinoma and macrovascular disease.",
"We explored trends in acute myocardial infarction (AMI) event rates in Norway during 1994 to 2009 and trends in the 6-month, 1-year, and 3-year risk of recurrences after an incident AMI during 2001 to 2008 in men and women ≥25 years. Trends in AMI event rates (incident and recurrent) were analyzed using joinpoint regression analyses and expressed as annual percentage change (APC) in rates. Trends in AMI recurrences were explored using conditional risk models for ordered events in Cox regression. Analyses were stratified by gender and age group. Overall, AMI rates were stable during 1994 to 2002 but declined during 2002 to 2009 (APC = -2.0; 95% confidence interval [CI] -3.1 to -0.9 in men; APC = -2.1; 95% CI -3.8 to -0.5 in women). In the younger age group, rates declined during the whole study period in men (APC = -0.6; 95% CI -1.0 to -0.3) but not in women. Among older patients, no changes were observed during 1994 to 2002, whereas rates declined during 2002 to 2009 (APC = -2.6; 95% CI -3.8 to -1.4 in men; APC = -2.4; 95% CI -4.0 to -0.7 in women). During 2001 to 2008, in the older age group, the 6-month, 1-year, and 3-year risks of recurrences were reduced annually by 4.7%, 4.3%, and 5.4% in men and 5.2%, 5.0%, and 5.7% in women (all ptrend <0.001), respectively. No changes were observed in the younger age group. In conclusion, favorable trends in AMI event rates and recurrences observed in Norway were mostly seen among patients aged 65+ years, whereas less favorable trends were observed among younger patients, especially among women.",
"During a median follow-up period of 3.9 years, participants who were assigned to extended-release niacin-laropiprant had an LDL cholesterol level that was an average of 10 mg per deciliter (0.25 mmol per liter as measured in the central laboratory) lower and an HDL cholesterol level that was an average of 6 mg per deciliter (0.16 mmol per liter) higher than the levels in those assigned to placebo. Assignment to niacin-laropiprant, as compared with assignment to placebo, had no significant effect on the incidence of major vascular events (13.2% and 13.7% of participants with an event, respectively; rate ratio, 0.96; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.90 to 1.03; P=0.29). Niacin-laropiprant was associated with an increased incidence of disturbances in diabetes control that were considered to be serious (absolute excess as compared with placebo, 3.7 percentage points; P<0.001) and with an increased incidence of diabetes diagnoses (absolute excess, 1.3 percentage points; P<0.001), as well as increases in serious adverse events associated with the gastrointestinal system (absolute excess, 1.0 percentage point; P<0.001), musculoskeletal system (absolute excess, 0.7 percentage points; P<0.001), skin (absolute excess, 0.3 percentage points; P=0.003), and unexpectedly, infection (absolute excess, 1.4 percentage points; P<0.001) and bleeding (absolute excess, 0.7 percentage points; P<0.001).",
"Features of the metabolic syndrome are independent risk factors for new-onset diabetes mellitus (NODM) related to statin therapy. Obesity is the predominant underlying risk factor for the metabolic syndrome and diabetes mellitus. This study investigated whether change in body weight may predict NODM in statin-treated patients. A total of 7,595 patients without prevalent diabetes mellitus at baseline from the Treating to New Targets (TNT) study were included in this analysis. They were randomized to atorvastatin 10 or 80 mg/day and monitored for a median of 4.9 years. NODM developed in 659 patients (8.1% in the 10-mg group and 9.2% in the 80-mg group). There was a significant increase in body weight (0.9 kg, p <0.01 in both men and women) over 1 year after randomization. The increase in body weight was greater in patients with NODM than those without NODM (1.6 vs 0.9 kg, p <0.001). The association of change in body weight with NODM risk remained significant after adjusting for confounding factors (hazard ratios 1.33, 1.42, and 1.88 for quartiles 2, 3, and 4 compared with quartile 1, respectively). Similar results were obtained in patients with normal fasting glucose level. In conclusion, 1-year change in body weight is predictive of NODM in patients who underwent statin therapy from the TNT trial. Our study highlights the importance of weight control as a lifestyle measure to prevent statin-related NODM.",
"The aim of this randomized, prospective, masked clinical study has been to verify the influence of a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug ophthalmic solution on intraocular pressure reduction induced by 0.5% timolol and 0.005% latanoprost eyedrops in patients affected by primary open-angle glaucoma. Thirty-two glaucomatous patients, compensated with 0.5% timolol, were randomized into two study groups (A and B). Timolol was continued for the first 2 weeks in all subjects. On the 15th day, in both groups timolol was replaced by latanoprost, and this regimen lasted up to the end of the follow-up (8 weeks). At the beginning of the 2nd week of the study, group A additionally started a 5-week therapy with topical 0.1% diclofenac; during the same period, group B received placebo eyedrops with identical modalities. Intraocular pressure was recorded at 7-day intervals during the first 7 weeks and at the 10th week. Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug and placebo did not modify the effect of timolol on intraocular pressure. In both groups, latanoprost induced a significant decrease in intraocular pressure. Diclofenac-treated patients exhibited a marked fall in intraocular pressure (p<0.01), whereas in placebo-treated patients, this diminution was less noticeable (p<0.05). After diclofenac withdrawal, in group A intraocular pressure significantly increased (p<0.01), remaining approximately at the same level up to the end of the study. In group B, at the same checks no significant variations in intraocular pressure occurred. In primary open-angle glaucoma patients, diclofenac significantly enhances the hypotensive effect of latanoprost, without influence on timolol efficacy. Because non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs are widely employed in medical practice, supplementary ophthalmologic checks should be scheduled during the co-administration of these compounds and prostaglandin analogues.",
"Our data show that remote IPC before radiofrequency catheter ablation for paroxysmal atrial fibrillation significantly reduces the increased platelet activation and reactivity associated with the procedure.",
"We found no significant changes in CD4, HIV RNA, or p24 antigen levels during 8 months of TB treatment among TB/HIV co-infected individuals, who did not receive antiretroviral treatment. The markers were unaffected by a strong improvement in TBscore and all three markers showed predictive capacity for mortality risk.",
"EA combined with general anesthesia strategy for heart valve replacement surgery without endotracheal intubation is safe and can reduce post-operative morbidity and medical costs in patients undergoing heart valve replacement surgery under cardiopulmonary bypass.",
"Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN53339491. Please see later in the article for the Editors' Summary.",
"The Belgian registry shows that LAA closure using the ACP device is feasible and safe. At 1-y follow-up, the observed stroke rate was 2.14%/year, less than predicted by the CHA2DS2-VASc score. Longer follow-up is needed to evaluate the long-term safety and its efficacy in reducing stroke.",
"After just a 2-h training course, emergency physicians showed a good success rate in finding pneumothoraces. Thoracic US can be an easy to learn and an accurate diagnostic modality for the detection of traumatic pneumothorax in emergency departments.",
"Prochlorperazine seems very effective to decrease pain on a short-term basis in children. However, more than two thirds of the patients, overall, had a relapse of their migraine at home in the first week. Despite the use of diphenhydramine, akathisia remains a concern.",
"The management of AF patients in 2012 has adapted to recent evidence and guideline recommendations. Oral anticoagulant therapy with VKA (majority) or NOACs is given to over 80% of eligible patients, including those at risk for bleeding. Rate is often adequately controlled, and rhythm control therapy is widely used.",
"Female patients with atrial fibrillation had higher ischemic stroke rates compared with male patients, but the relative effects of apixaban compared with aspirin on both ischemic stroke and bleeding were similar in men and women.",
"The effectiveness of pleural sealing with a compressed collagen foam plug in preventing the development of pneumothorax was evaluated in a prospective, comparative study of 50 patients undergoing transthoracic needle biopsies. The 4-cm-long plug was deposited through the thin-walled guidance needle at the end of the procedure in a position where it would cross both the visceral and the parietal pleura. The prevalence of postbiopsy pneumothorax was 28% (seven of 25 patients) in the control group and 8% (two of 25 patients) in the plug group. In each study group, two patients with pneumothoraces required chest tubes. Although further experience is necessary, the authors conclude that transpleural collagen foam plug placement may be an effective supplement for transthoracic needle biopsies.",
"Previously known DM, but not newly diagnosed DM, was an independent predictor for short-term MACE in patients with STEMI. To reduce the incidence of short-term MACE and the detrimental effects of stress hyperglycemia after STEMI, intensive insulin therapy should be provided to diabetic patients with STEMI.",
"For patients with coronary artery disease and left ventricular dysfunction, CABG was associated with lower rates of repeat revascularization and improved survival over PCI, after adjustment for baseline risk profile differences. Further research exploring the factors leading to use of a particular revascularization modality in this patient population is required.",
"Process-explicit simulations of community-level protection, parameterized using locally-relevant experimental hut studies, should be explicitly considered when choosing vector control products for large-scale epidemiological trials or public health programme procurement, particularly as growing insecticide resistance necessitates the use of multiple active ingredients.",
"It is not known whether the extent and severity of nonculprit coronary lesions correlate with outcomes in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) referred for primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI). We sought to quantify complex plaques in patients with STEMI referred for primary PCI and to determine their effect on short- and long-term clinical outcomes by examining the core laboratory database for plaque analysis from the Harmonizing Outcomes With Revascularization and Stents in Acute Myocardial Infarction study. Baseline demographic, angiographic, and procedural details were compared between patients with single versus multiple complex plaques who underwent single-vessel PCI. Multivariable analysis was performed for predictors of long-term major adverse cardiac events (MACEs), a combined end point of death, reinfarction, ischemic target-vessel revascularization, or stroke, and for death alone. Single-vessel PCI was performed in 3,137 patients (87%): 2,174 (69%) had multiple complex plaques and 963 (31%) had a single complex plaque. Compared with those with a single complex plaque, patients with multiple complex plaques were older (p <0.0001) and had more co-morbidities. The presence of multiple complex plaques was an independent predictor of 3-year MACE (hazard ratio 1.58, 95% confidence interval 1.26 to 1.98, p <0.0001), and death alone (hazard ratio 1.68, 95% confidence interval 1.05 to 2.70, p = 0.03). In conclusion, multiple complex plaques are present in the majority of patients with STEMI who underwent primary PCI, and their presence is an independent predictor of short- and long-term MACE, including death (Harmonizing Outcomes With Revascularization and Stents in Acute Myocardial Infarction; NCT00433966).",
"A single control algorithm, initialized only with subject weight, can quickly adapt to regulate glycemia in patients with TID and highly variable insulin requirements.",
"The diagnostic and prognostic performance of cTnT, hs-cTnT, and copeptin is as good in women as in men. High-sensitivity cTnT and the combination of cTnT and copeptin outperform cTnT alone, both in women and men.",
"Color, independent of luminance or particular color contrasts, can have therapeutic effects for people with visually triggered migraine as it can reduce the number of perceived illusions when viewing stripes or text. The effect was not color-specific and was greatest for the 12 cpd gratings. Given the significant associations between the achromatic discomfort measures and reports of visual triggers, and the lack of significant associations between the chromatic discomfort measures and reports of visual triggers, further research is recommended to explore the potential to reduce the number of visually triggered migraines with color in addition to alleviating visual discomfort.",
"The baseline PlGF/sFlt-1 ratio is an independent predictor of long-term adverse outcomes in patients with stable CAD.",
"In this study, we determined the effects of glutathione (GSH)-enhancing agents in restoring the levels of GSH in isolated macrophages from individuals with HIV infection thereby resulting in improved control of Mycobacterium tuberculosis. Our results indicate that treatment with N-acetyl cysteine or a liposomal formulation of glutathione (lGSH) resulted in replenishment of reduced also known as free GSH (rGSH), and correlated with a decrease in the intracellular growth of M. tuberculosis. Finally, we observed differences in the amount of the catalytic subunit of glutamine-cysteine ligase (GCLC), glutathione synthase, and glutathione reductase present in macrophages derived from healthy and HIV-infected individuals. These changes correlated with changes in free radicals as well as rGSH levels. Our results indicate that HIV infection leads to increased production of free radicals and decreased production of GCLC resulting in depletion of rGSH and this may lead, in part, to the loss of innate immune function observed in HIV patients. These findings represent a novel mechanism for control of M. tuberculosis infection, and a possible supplement to current HIV treatments.",
"Frovatriptan provides a remarkably fast and high headache response in a subgroup of more than one-third of migraineurs, with a very low 24-hour headache recurrence and low rescue medication intake.",
"Plasma glucose levels should be monitored in all newly diagnosed PTB patients and a similar treatment regimen should be prescribed to PTB patients with DM and those without DM in high TB-burden countries.",
"Switching to SofZia-preserved travoprost after BAK-preserved latanoprost resulted in a lower incidence of keratoconjunctival epitheliopathy, especially in the cornea, with no clinically relevant changes in hyperaemia and IOP.",
"Hypnozoites are an important source of P. vivax infection and contribute substantially to the high burden of P. vivax disease observed in young Papua New Guinean children. Even in highly endemic areas with a high risk of reinfection, antihypnozoite treatment should be given to all cases with parasitologically confirmed P. vivax infections.",
"Early diagnosis of medullary thyroid carcinoma (MTC) can improve long-term prognosis. MTC can be detected at an early stage by calcitonin screening in all patients with thyroid nodules. This approach, however, is controversial due to high costs and a limited specificity of calcitonin. It was the aim of the present study to investigate whether ultrasonography may contribute to the diagnosis of MTC in patients with thyroid nodules. The study included 19 patients with newly diagnosed MTC. Ten patients had sporadic MTC, 7 had multiple endocrine neoplasia (MEN) type 2A, and 2 patients had MEN 2B. In all subjects conventional ultrasound, and in 14 patients color Doppler sonography were performed before primary surgery. For comparison, ultrasound appearance of 139 benign thyroid nodules was evaluated. In conventional ultrasound, MTC in 17/19 (89%) patients were hypoechoic, contained intranodular calcifications, and had no "halo sign". The combination of these criteria were found in only 8/139 (6%) of benign thyroid nodules. Intranodular blood flow was found in 11/14 patients with MTC (79%), perinodular blood flow in 7/14 MTC (50%). In conclusion, conventional ultrasound reveals a combination of hypoechogenicity, intranodular calcifications, and absence of "halo sign" in the vast majority of MTC. Since this sonographic pattern only rarely occurs in benign thyroid nodules, the results indicate that thyroid ultrasound can contribute to the diagnosis of MTC. In addition, the findings may have implications for calcitonin screening in nodular thyroid disease.",
"Diagnostic study, level II.",
"Vernakalant rapidly converted recent-onset AF to SR, was well tolerated, and may be a valuable therapeutic alternative for reestablishing SR in patients with recent-onset AF.",
"null",
"These results showed that unoprostone significantly increased microcirculation in the ONH in control subjects and in NTG patients without reducing the IOP significantly.",
"Up to 1/3 of percutaneous coronary interventions (PCIs) are complicated by troponin release. Remote ischemic preconditioning (IPC) confers effective cardioprotection; however, a 30-minute remote IPC protocol may be difficult to implement during ad hoc PCI. This study was performed to assess the ability of a brief remote IPC protocol to attenuate cardiac troponin I (cTnI) release after ad hoc PCI. Ninety-four patients undergoing ad hoc PCI for stable coronary artery disease, with undetectable preprocedural cTnI, were recruited and randomized to receive remote IPC (induced by one 5-minute inflation of a blood pressure cuff to 200 mm Hg around the upper arm) or control after the decision for PCI was made. The primary outcome was the difference between cTnI levels 24 hours after PCI and cTnI levels before coronary angiography (ΔcTnI). ΔcTnI in the remote IPC group was significantly lower compared with the control group (0.04 ng/ml [interquartile range 0.01 to 0.14] vs 0.19 ng/ml [interquartile range 0.18 to 0.59], p <0.001). The incidence of PCI-related myocardial infarction (MI) was greater in the control group (42.6% vs 19.1%, p = 0.014). In multivariate analysis, remote IPC was independently associated with ΔcTnI and PCI-related MI. In conclusion, our results suggest that even 1 cycle of remote IPC immediately before ad hoc PCI attenuates periprocedural cTnI release and reduces the incidence of type 4a MI.",
"Thirty patients with malignant pheochromocytoma (PHEO) or paraganglioma (PGL) were treated with high-dose 131I-MIBG. Patients were 11-62 (mean 39) years old: 19 patients males and 11 females. Nineteen patients had PGL, three of which were multifocal. Six PGLs were nonsecretory. Eleven patients had PHEO. All 30 patients had prior surgery. Fourteen patients were refractory to prior radiation or chemotherapy before 131I-MIBG. Peripheral blood stem cells (PBSCs) were collected and cryopreserved. 131I-MIBG was synthesized on-site, by exchange-labeling 131I with 127I-MIBG in a solid-phase Cu2+-catalyzed exchange reaction. 131I-MIBG was infused over 2 h via a peripheral IV. Doses ranged from 557 mCi to 1185 mCi (7.4 mCi/kg to 18.75 mCi/kg). Median dose was 833 mCi (12.55 mCi/kg). Marrow hypoplasia commenced 3 weeks after 131I-MIBG therapy. After the first 131I-MIBG therapy, 19 patients required platelet transfusions; 19 received GCSF; 12 received epoeitin or RBCs. Four patients received a PBSC infusion. High-dose 131I-MIBG resulted in the following overall tumor responses in 30 patients: 4 sustained complete remissions (CRs); 15 sustained partial remissions (PRs); 1 sustained stable disease (SD); 5 progressive disease (PD); 5 initial PRs or SD but relapsed to PD. Twenty-three of the 30 patients remain alive; deaths were from PD (5), myelodysplasia (1), and unrelated cause (1). Overall predicted survival at 5 years is 75% (Kaplan Meier estimate). For patients with metastatic PHEO or PGL, who have good *I-MIBG uptake on diagnostic scanning, high-dose 131I-MIBG therapy was effective in producing a sustained CR, PR, or SD in 67% of patients, with tolerable toxicity.",
"Conversion rates from NGT to IGT or type 2 diabetes mellitus were accelerated in women with PCOS compared with healthy subjects. Women with PCOS should be tested regularly for early detection of abnormal glucose tolerance. In addition, the interval for periodic rescreening should be determined by further studies involving more women with PCOS.",
"Access to hospitals with catheterization facilities, with or without on-site PCI, was associated with a reduction in recurrent myocardial infarction and recurrent ischaemia, but not mortality. Further efforts are required to target revascularization procedures for higher risk patients as well as to widely implement primary PCI programmes.",
"ONSD is negatively correlated with retrobulbar blood flow velocities in glaucoma patients, but not in healthy controls.",
"This study demonstrates that experienced cardiologists agree with 95% of the observations and programming suggestions that the TA automatically generates.",
"Nipradilol (CAS 81486-22-8) is a non-selective beta-blocker with alpha-1 blocking and nitroglycerin-like vasodilating activities. In the present communication, the long-term efficacy and safety of nipradilol were investigated and the efficacy, safety and utility of topical nipradilol and timolol (CAS 91524-16-2) were compared in patients with primary open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. In the long-term study, nipradilol for 1 year (52 weeks) was performed by registration method. 67 out of 68 patients were subjected to analysis and 57 patients (83.8 %) completed 52-week instillation. 0.25 % nipradilol was applied twice daily to patients. As a result, intraocular pressure (IOP) decreased significantly by 4.0 mmHg to 4.8 mmHg compared with the baseline without tachyphylaxis. The incidence of adverse events was 12.5 % at 52 weeks by analysis with Kaplan-Meier life-table method. It showed no significant trend of increase after 3 months. In the multi-centered double-masked comparative randomized study, 0.25 % nipradilol was assigned to 96 patients and 0.5 % timolol to 100 patients. Each patient was instilled nipradilol or timolol twice daily for 8 weeks. IOP significantly decreased by 4.2 mmHg and by 4.7 mmHg at 8 weeks and the incidence of adverse events was 10.5 % and 12.1 % in the nipradilol and timolol group, respectively. No significant between-group difference in IOP reduction or incidence of adverse events was seen. Topical nipradilol showed long-term ocular hypotensive effects and clinical safety in a 52-week study, and its efficacy and safety equivalent to timolol was confirmed in a 8-week comparative study.",
"The use of tirofiban, when administered at a high bolus dose and maintained for 48 h, was safe and significantly reduced perfusion defect severity in patients with anterior STEMI presenting early after symptom onset and undergoing primary PCI.",
"Malaria infection at the end of pregnancy and maternal clinical malaria negatively impact survival and malaria morbidity in infancy. Effective clinical management and prevention of malaria in pregnancy may improve infant's health and survival.",
"the time of air drainage was associated with outcomes of primary spontaneous pneumothorax. These data suggest that delayed intervention is an effective initial treatment strategy for patients with PSP, with a shorter time in hospital, fewer pleural adhesions and lower recurrence rates.",
"Patients on latanoprost requiring lower IOP achieved a greater additional short-term diurnal IOP reduction when latanoprost was replaced by bimatoprost compared with travoprost. Low rates of hyperaemia were observed in patients treated with bimatoprost or travoprost after switching from latanoprost.",
"RIP did not reduce the damage associated with elective PCI or cardiovascular events during the follow-up. The diabetic population who underwent RIP had more PCI-MI.",
"The vasodilatory capacity of the microcirculation is preserved in selected patients with NSTEMI. The clinical use of fractional flow reserve in the culprit vessel may be preserved in selected patents with NSTEMI.",
"Greater ECE is associated with reduced LV end-diastolic volume index and LV end-diastolic mass index in a large multiethnic population without history of previous cardiovascular events. In addition, greater ECE is associated with reduced circumferential shortening, lower early diastolic strain rate, and a preserved ejection fraction in women, whereas in men, greater ECE is associated with greater LV dysfunction manifested as reduced circumferential shortening, reduced LV torsion, and reduced ejection fraction.",
"The estimated cumulative incidence of the primary outcome at 3 years was 12.9% in the lenient-control group and 14.9% in the strict-control group, with an absolute difference with respect to the lenient-control group of -2.0 percentage points (90% confidence interval, -7.6 to 3.5; P<0.001 for the prespecified noninferiority margin). The frequencies of the components of the primary outcome were similar in the two groups. More patients in the lenient-control group met the heart-rate target or targets (304 [97.7%], vs. 203 [67.0%] in the strict-control group; P<0.001) with fewer total visits (75 [median, 0], vs. 684 [median, 2]; P<0.001). The frequencies of symptoms and adverse events were similar in the two groups.",
"In septuagenarian patients with atrial fibrillation, compared with rhythm-control, a rate-control strategy was associated with significantly lower mortality and hospitalization.",
"The Mycobacterium tuberculosis genome contains two large gene families encoding proteins of unknown function, characterized by conserved N-terminal proline and glutamate (PE and PPE) motifs. The presence of a large number of PE/PPE proteins with repetitive domains and evidence of strain variation has given rise to the suggestion that these proteins may play a role in immune evasion via antigenic variation, while emerging data suggests that some family members may play important roles in mycobacterial pathogenesis. In this study, we examined cellular immune responses to a panel of 36 PE/PPE proteins during human and bovine infection. We observed a distinct hierarchy of immune recognition, reflected both in the repertoire of PE/PPE peptide recognition in individual cows and humans and in the magnitude of IFN-γ responses elicited by stimulation of sensitized host cells. The pattern of immunodominance was strikingly similar between cattle that had been experimentally infected with Mycobacterium bovis and humans naturally infected with clinical isolates of M. tuberculosis. The same pattern was maintained as disease progressed throughout a four-month course of infection in cattle, and between humans with latent as well as active tuberculosis. Detailed analysis of PE/PPE responses at the peptide level suggests that antigenic cross-reactivity amongst related family members is a major determinant in the observed differences in immune hierarchy. Taken together, these results demonstrate that a subset of PE/PPE proteins are major targets of the cellular immune response to tuberculosis, and are recognized at multiple stages of infection and in different disease states. Thus this work identifies a number of novel antigens that could find application in vaccine development, and provides new insights into PE/PPE biology.",
"Flecainide and propafenone achieve rhythm control in a higher proportion of patients as compared with amiodarone within a 6-hour management.",
"EBUS-TBNA is a safe and effective first-line investigation in patients with tuberculous intrathoracic lymphadenopathy.",
"In addition to headache, migraine is characterized by a series of symptoms that negatively affects the quality of life of patients. Generally, these are represented by nausea, vomiting, photophobia, phonophobia and osmophobia, with a cumulative percentage of the onset in about 90% of the patients. From this point of view, menstrually related migraine--a particularly difficult-to-treat form of primary headache--is no different from other forms of migraine. Symptomatic treatment should therefore be evaluated not only in terms of headache relief, but also by considering its effect on these migraine-associated symptoms (MAS). Starting from the data collected in a recently completed multicentre, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over study with almotriptan in menstrually related migraine, an analysis of the effect of this drug on the evolution of MAS was performed. Data suggest that almotriptan shows excellent efficacy on MAS in comparison to the placebo, with a significant reduction in the percentages of suffering patients over a 2-h period of time.",
"Endoscopic adrenalectomy can safely be performed-even sporadically-by surgeons well versed in adrenalectomy techniques for endocrine disorders and trained in endoscopic surgery.",
"Decreased lung function with exacerbation, and progressive decline of FEV(1) were observed in patients with TB-destroyed lung.",
"More than 1 in 4 patients newly starting warfarin for atrial fibrillation discontinued therapy in the first year despite a low overall hemorrhage rate. Individuals deriving potentially less benefit from warfarin, including those with younger age, fewer stroke risk factors, and poorer INR control, were less likely to remain on warfarin. Maximizing the benefits of anticoagulation for atrial fibrillation depends on determining which patients are most appropriately initiated and maintained on therapy.",
"A decrease in the duration of painful episodes and an increase in the proportion of patients who achieved resolution of the symptoms were observed when the purified poloxamer 188-treated patients were compared with the patients receiving placebo. However, the difference between these groups was significant but relatively small. In subgroup analysis, a more significant effect on both parameters was observed in children and in patients who were receiving concomitant hydroxyurea. It is important to confirm both of these observations in further prospective trials.",
"Hypertension and diabetes mellitus are more frequent here than average global findings. One-month case fatality was higher than in European countries but less than in developing countries. The most interesting difference comparing developed countries is the destination, which should be addressed. We strongly recommend establishing a stroke registry, establishing primary prevention, and promoting rehabilitation facilities in Iran.",
"This multicenter, randomized, double-blind clinical trial was undertaken to compare the intraocular pressure (IOP)-lowering efficacy and safety of topical bimatoprost 0.03% with that of latanoprost 0.005% for the treatment of patients with normal-tension glaucoma. After washout of all ocular hypotensive medications, patients with normal-tension glaucoma (n=60) were randomly assigned to oncedaily bimatoprost 0.03% or latanoprost 0.005% for 3 mo. Diurnal IOP measurements were taken at each study visit. Primary outcome measures consisted of mean change from baseline IOP (8 AM, Noon, 4 PM) and change in visual field. Secondary measures included mean IOP, ophthalmologic examination findings, results of clinical evaluation, and adverse events. Mean change from baseline IOP at each study visit was statistically significant at all diurnal measurements for patients taking bimatoprost and for those taking latanoprost (P<.001). The 8 AM mean change from baseline IOP measurement showed a significant between-group difference (P< or =.033) in favor of bimatoprost at both follow-up visits. After 3 mo of treatment, mean IOP reductions from baseline ranged from 2.8 to 3.8 mm Hg (17.5%-21.6%) with bimatoprost and from 2.1 to 2.6 mm Hg (12.7%-16.2%) with latanoprost. Overall mean reduction in IOP after 3 mo of treatment was 3.4 mm Hg (19.9% rpar; with bimatoprost and 2.3 mm Hg (14.6%) with latanoprost (P=.035). No significant between-group differences were observed in incidence of adverse events, clinical success, or demographic variables. Bimatoprost was found to be more effective than latanoprost in lowering IOP in the patient with normal-tension glaucoma. Both drugs were efficacious and well tolerated.",
"These results suggest that ¹²³I-IBZM is not a useful radiopharmaceutical in the detection and characterization of PHEOs despite D2DR expression. Our findings and data from the related literature may support different hypotheses to explain the failure of D2DR targeting by ¹²³I-IBZM.",
"The benefits of apixaban compared with warfarin for stroke or systemic embolism, bleeding, and mortality appear similar across the range of centers' and patients' predicted quality of international normalized ratio control.",
"This study was conducted to correlate blood concentrations of lumefantrine with treatment outcome for patients with Plasmodium falciparum malaria when the drug was given without specific instructions for administration with food. Patients with P. falciparum malaria in the highly endemic state of Orissa, India, were enrolled during 2008 and followed-up for 28 days after admistration of artemether-lumefantrine for three days according to a World Health Organization protocol. Drug concentration in whole blood was determined by using blood spots placed on filter paper on day 7. The technology is suitable for field studies. One hundred percent of the patients had an adequate clinical and parasitological response. These results confirm the efficacy of artemether-lumefantrine in persons from poor tribal communities when given without specific instructions regarding co-administration with food, despite high inter-individual variability in blood concentrations of lumefantrine.",
"null",
"These findings suggest that latanoprost decreases ACD in patients with glaucoma or ocular hypertension after 1 month of treatment.",
"CIRT aims to test the inflammatory hypothesis of atherothrombosis in patients with prior MI and either type 2 diabetes or metabolic syndrome, conditions associated with persistent inflammation. If low-dose methotrexate reduces cardiovascular events, CIRT would provide a novel therapeutic approach for the secondary prevention of heart attack, stroke, and cardiovascular death.",
"Acute TV-in-TV and TVE are serious sequelae of TAVR, often resulting in multiple valve implants. They carry an excess of mortality and are caused by anatomic and technical factors, which may be avoidable with judicious procedural planning.",
"Conventional microbiological tools led to results similar to those already described in India special features for HIV-infected TB patients included lower detection by SM and culture. New microbiological assays, such as the automated liquid culture system, showed increased accuracy and speed of detection.",
"The long-term efficacy and toxicity of hydroxyurea for infants are undefined, and its role in preventing organ dysfunction is unknown. Short-term feasibility of hydroxyurea administration, toxicities, hematologic effects, and effect on spleen function in infants with sickle cell anemia (SCA) were reported (Hydroxyurea Safety and Organ Toxicity [HUSOFT] trial). These infants completing 2 years of hydroxyurea therapy (20 mg/kg/d) were offered study extension with dose escalation to 30 mg/kg/d. Patients were monitored with laboratory tests and biannual imaging studies. Hematologic indices were compared with predicted age-specific values and event rates compared with historic rates. All 21 subjects completing the original trial enrolled in the extension study: median age, 3.4 years old (range, 2.6 to 4.4 years); 12 females; 20 with Hb SS, 1 with Hb S/beta0-thalassemia. Seventeen patients completed 4 years of hydroxyurea, and 11 completed 6 years. After 4 years, hydroxyurea was associated with increased hemoglobin concentration, percentage of fetal hemoglobin (Hb F), and mean corpuscular volume (MCV) and decreased reticulocytes, white blood cells (WBCs), and platelets (P < .01). Patients experienced 7.5 acute chest syndrome (ACS) events per 100 person-years, compared with 24.5 events per 100 person-years among historic controls (P = .001). Treated patients had better spleen function than expected and improved growth rates. Infants with SCA tolerate prolonged hydroxyurea therapy with sustained hematologic benefits, fewer ACS events, improved growth, and possibly preserved organ function.",
"null",
"Accessibility of the healthcare provider was the main determinant of patient delay, but the role of psychosocial factors cannot be fully excluded. Urban and suburban areas have relatively good access to (private) health care, hence the short delay. Thus, future studies should be focussed on extending the DOTS strategy to the private sector.",
"PTx reduces the occurrence of VPBs and restored the QTc adaptation during ET.",
"The Queckenstedt's (Q)-test can aggravate headache intensity during migraine attacks (Q-test effect). The objective of this study was to delineate the Q-test effect in patients experiencing migraine attacks. We performed a 30-s Q- and a sham test on 39 patients with acute migraine attacks in both supine and sitting positions. Headache intensities during and 30 s after the Q- or sham tests were recorded on a 0-10 verbal scale. Brushing allodynia (BA) was recorded after using a gauze-brushing test over the patient's face and forearms. The Q- but not the sham test aggravated headache intensity in both sitting and supine positions. The presence of throbbing pain and higher pain intensities was associated with the Q-test effect in the supine position. However, the presence or absence of BA was not correlated. We concluded that the Q-test effect is likely to be related to peripheral sensitization of the meninges but not central sensitization. The Q-test effect may be used as an objective marker for peripheral sensitization.",
"This study evaluated the efficacy of hydroxyurea treatment in the prevention of vaso-occlusive crises among children and teenagers with severe sickle cell anemia and sickle cell beta-thalassemia. Nineteen children and young adults with severe sickle cell disease were enrolled to the hydroxyurea treatment trial. The incidence of vaso-occlusive crises, acute chest syndrome, hemolytic crises, splenic sequestration episodes, blood transfusions, and hospital days in the 2 years before hydroxyurea (HU) treatment were compared with the same parameters in the first 2 years of treatment. The patients received a mean dose of 21.3 mg/kg/day daily and were treated during a mean period of 40.3 +/- 14 months (range 20 to 68 months). Significant increases were observed after 1 month in the Hgb, MCV, MCH, and MCHC levels and were more notable after 3 months. The increase in the Hgb F level became important after 3 months of HU therapy and was highly significant (p < .001) beyond 6 months. No differences were observed in the RDW, reticulocyte count, Hgb S, and Hgb A2. Severe neutropenia was observed in one case. A decrease in the frequency of vaso-occlusive crises, acute chest syndrome, hemolytic crises, blood transfusions, and days spent in the hospital was demonstrated during the HU treatment period compared to the same period before. The clinical and laboratory response to HU was dramatic in severely affected sickle cell anemia (SCA) patients. The response to HU in children and teenagers with severe sickle cell anemia is similar to the response in adults, and no severe adverse effects were observed.",
"Interceptor((R)) LLINs are effective and desirable in rural communities in Liberia. Consideration for end user preferences should be incorporated into product development of all LLINs in the future, in order to achieve optimum retention and utilization.",
"In patients receiving highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART), increase of naive T-cell production, as measured by T-cell receptor rearrangement excision circles (TRECs), is an indicator of immune reconstitution. Our objective was to assess whether treating opportunistic infections (OIs) prior to HAART initiation affects CD4 T-cells recovery and TRECs in patients on HAART. HIV-infected patients presenting no OIs or treated OIs were prospectively enrolled prior to HAART initiation and followed-up over 12 months of HAART. CD4 T-cells and TRECs were measured at baseline, 6 and 12 months HAART and compared between patients presenting no OIs and those with treated OIs. Univariate and multivariate logistic regression models were used to identify potential factors associated with low TREC increase after 12 months HAART. Forty-four HIV-infected patients, 31 presenting no OIs and 13 with treated OIs at HAART initiation were enrolled. Patients presenting no OIs tended to have higher CD4 T-cell gain than those with treated OIs (151 vs 89 cells/μL; p = 0.05) after 6 months HAART but not after 12 months HAART (120 vs 149 cells/μL; p = 0.84). Among patients presenting no OIs, TREC levels significantly increased from baseline through 12 months HAART while among those with treated OIs, there was a trend for increase only after 12 months. Our study indicates that treatment of OIs prior to HAART does not lead to impaired CD4 T-cells recovery and thymic outputs.",
"In addition to heart rate asymmetry (VV interval), the conduction from the atria, through the atrioventricular node, His-Purkinje system to ventricles shows asymmetric properties in 1-min tracings.",
"Paradoxical TB-IRIS frequently complicates HIV-TB therapy in India. IL-6 and CRP may assist in predicting IRIS events and serve as potential targets for immune interventions.",
"Among participants with severe obesity, there was substantial weight loss 3 years after bariatric surgery, with the majority experiencing maximum weight change during the first year. However, there was variability in the amount and trajectories of weight loss and in diabetes, blood pressure, and lipid outcomes.",
"FC was statistically significantly more effective than BIM or TIM for most comparisons, and safer than BIM with respect to common ocular adverse events. FC represents a convenient, therapeutic advantage over separate bottles.",
"Slow VT episodes are predictive of subsequent fast VT/VF. Slow VT and fast VT/VF episodes in CRT-D patients are associated with an increased risk of subsequent HF/death. CRT-D-treated LBBB patients with slow VTs have a significantly higher risk of mortality.",
"Edoxaban 30, 45, and 60mg QD in patients with NVAF was associated with a numerical increase in all bleeding across the dose range, but this was not statistically significant, nor was any dose compared with warfarin.",
"A promising option in substance abuse treatment is the Community Reinforcement Approach (CRA). The opioid antagonist naltrexone (NTX) may work in combination with nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) to block the effects of smoking stimuli in abstinent smokers. Effects of lower doses than 50 mg/dd. have not been reported. A study was conducted in Amsterdam in 2000/2001 with the objective to explore the effects of the combination NTX (25/50-mg dd.), NRT, and CRA in terms of craving and abstinence. In a randomized open label, 2 x 2 between subjects design, 25 recovered spontaneous pneumothorax (SP) participants received 8 weeks of treatment. Due to side effects, only 3 participants were compliant in the 50-mg NTX condition. Craving significantly declined between each measurement and there was a significant interaction between decline in craving and craving measured at baseline. The abstinence rate in the CRA group was nearly double that in the non-psychosocial therapy group (46% vs. 25%; NS) at 3 months follow-up after treatment.",
"Despite sporadic cases, PXE does not appear to be associated with frequent cardiac complications. However, the development of cardiac hypertrophy in the 24-month-old Abcc6(-/-) mice suggests that old PXE patients might be prone to developing late cardiopathy.",
"To our knowledge, this is the first report of a 2013 nm thulium laser used to treat bladder pheochromocytoma. It can be applied to precisely vaporize and incise the full-thickness bladder wall and cut down the blood supply of the tumor, then peel it while blood pressure remains stable, thus completing partial cystectomy for bladder pheochromocytoma safely.",
"The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of brimonidine 0.2% and dorzolamide 2% on the ocular blood flow velocity in patients with newly diagnosed primary open-angle glaucoma (POAG). Forty-four (44) patients with newly diagnosed POAG were included in a prospective, comparative, randomized clinical study. Twenty-six (26) healthy volunteers, whose age and gender matched, were recruited to compare the baseline hemodynamic characteristics of the patients. After a complete eye examination, baseline blood flow velocity measurements of the retrobulbar vessels were made with color Doppler ultrasonography. Patients were randomly assigned to receive either brimonidine 0.2% or dorzolamide 2% for a 3-month period. Blood flow velocity measurements were repeated after 3 months. Both brimonidine and dorzolamide significantly reduced the intraocular pressure. The baseline ophthalmic artery pulsatility index was higher in patients with POAG than control subjects. Whereas there was a significant increase in peak systolic velocity of the central retinal artery, no significant change was observed in the other vessels with brimonidine and dorzolamide treatment. There was little difference, in terms of ocular blood flow velocity, between newly diagnosed glaucoma patients and control subjects. Both topical brimonidine and dorzolamide significantly reduced the intraocular pressure without altering ocular blood flow velocity in patients with newly diagnosed POAG.",
"In this preliminary study, budiodarone at both higher doses significantly reduced AT/AFB. The study is novel because dual-chamber pacemakers, previously placed for standard clinical indications, were successfully used to monitor AT/AFB.",
"Our results indicate that prophylactic use of bimatoprost 0.03% is more effective than brimonidine 0.2% in preventing IOP elevation immediately after YAG laser capsulotomy. Bimatoprost 0.03% as a prostamide analog may provide new option for preventing IOP elevation after YAG laser capsulotomy.",
"Among HIV-infected adults who received BCG in childhood and live in a TB-endemic country, polyantigenic IFN-γ responses are associated with decreased risk of subsequent HIV-associated TB.",
"The apo B and LDL cholesterol were reduced by 19% to 54% and 21% to 52%, respectively, at doses of 100 mg/week mipomersen and higher in the 5-week treatment cohorts. Efficacy seemed to increase upon treatment for 13 weeks at a dose of 200 mg/week. Injection site reactions (mild to moderate erythema [90%]) and hepatic transaminase increases (17%) were the most common adverse events, leading to discontinuation in 2 subjects and 1 subject, respectively. In the 13-week treatment cohort, 5 of 10 subjects (50%) had elevations >or=3x the upper limit of normal, 4 of which persisted on 2 consecutive occasions.",
"Tapered oral dexamethasone for acute chest syndrome (ACS) in sickle cell anaemia was studied using a novel ACS assessment tool and investigational biomarkers. Twelve participants were randomized (mean age 17·3 years) before early study termination. Dexamethasone decreased duration of hospitalization for ACS by 20·8 h compared to placebo (P = 0·024). Rebound pain occurred in both groups (3 dexamethasone versus 1 placebo). Overall, dexamethasone decreased the leucocyte activation biomarker, sL-selectin; however, participants with rebound pain had higher sL-selectin within 24 h of treatment (dexamethasone or placebo). This ACS assessment tool was feasibly applied, and sL-selectin is a promising biomarker of ACS therapy.",
"The author(s) have no proprietary or commercial interest in any materials discussed in this article.",
"Travoprost 0.004%/timolol 0.5% given once daily, either in the morning or evening, is a safe and effective treatment for open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension. It may be beneficial for patients judged to be inadequately controlled on a prostaglandin analogue or ophthalmic beta-blocker alone.",
"Vaso-occlusive crisis (VOC) is the primary cause of hospitalization of patients with sickle-cell disease. Treatment mainly consists of intravenous morphine, which has many dose-related side effects. Nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs have been proposed to provide pain relief and decrease the need for opioids. Nevertheless, only a few underpowered trials of nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs for sickle-cell VOC have been conducted, and conflicting results were reported. We conducted a phase 3, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial with ketoprofen (300 mg/day for 5 days), a nonselective cyclooxygenase inhibitor, for severe VOC in adults. A total of 66 VOC episodes were included. The primary efficacy outcome was VOC duration. The secondary end points were morphine consumption, pain relief, and treatment failure. Seven VOC episodes in each group were excluded from the analysis because of treatment failures. No significant between-group differences were observed for the primary outcome or the secondary end points. Thus, although ketoprofen was well-tolerated, it had no significant efficacy as treatment of VOC requiring hospitalization. These findings argue against its systematic use in this setting.",
"For patients presenting with syncope and BBB, first-degree atrioventricular block and LPFB increased the likelihood of finding HPCDs during EPS. However, no single electrocardiographic feature could consistently predict the outcome of EPS, so this investigation is still necessary in assessing the need for pacemaker implantation, irrespective of the precise appearance of abnormalities on ECG.",
"The objective of this study was to study the clinical features and laboratory profile including acid fast bacillus microscopy, cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) culture and M. tuberculosis polymerase chain reaction (PCR) for an early diagnosis of tuberculous meningitis. Fifty consecutive patients, fulfilling the clinical criteria of tuberculous meningitis, were included in the study. All patients were subjected to detailed clinical and laboratory evaluation and radiological tests. CSF acid fast bacillus microscopy, culture and PCR were carried out in all and results were analysed. Majority of the patients presented with fever, headache, vomiting and signs of meningeal Irritation. Ziehl-Neelsen staining for acid-fast bacillus was positive in 4% cases, culture in 18% cases and CSF PCR for Mycobacterium tuberculosis was positive in 68%. Miliary pattern on chest x-ray was seen in 16% and CNS tuberculomas were seen in 14% cases. The CSF PCR estimation in clinically suspected cases of tuberculous meningitis may be an extremely valuable test for early diagnosis and institution of specific therapy.",
"Unpreserved timolol 0.1% gel maintained the efficacy of preserved latanoprost and reduced signs and symptoms of intolerance in almost all glaucomatous/OHT patients on preserved latanoprost.",
"Withholding prophylaxis prior to anti-TNF therapy may be reasonable for low-risk elderly RA patients with a TST finding of 5–9 mm, although the decision is sensitive to patient preferences. For patients age <61 years from a higher risk country, or with a TST finding >10 mm, prophylaxis is preferred.",
"Our findings suggest that complete heart block can occur infrequently with the administration of atropine in heart transplant patients undergoing DSE. Therefore, patients should be appropriately monitored for these adverse events during and after DSE.",
"Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN24081411.",
"This work shows the better tolerability of brinzolamide 1% plus timolol 0.5% suspension, compared with dorzolamide 2% plus timolol 0.5% solution. Fortunately, some of the adverse reactions induced by preserved eye drop glaucoma medication are reversible after removing the preservatives. Both the potential for added benefit and patient compliance should be considered when selecting ocular hypotensive therapy.",
"T-cell immune responses modulated by T-cell immunoglobulin and mucin domain-containing molecule 3 (Tim-3) during Mycobacterium tuberculosis (Mtb) infection in humans remain poorly understood. Here, we found that active TB patients exhibited increases in numbers of Tim-3-expressing CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells, which preferentially displayed polarized effector memory phenotypes. Consistent with effector phenotypes, Tim-3(+)CD4(+) and Tim-3(+)CD8(+) T-cell subsets showed greater effector functions for producing Th1/Th22 cytokines and CTL effector molecules than Tim-3(-) counterparts, and Tim-3-expressing T cells more apparently limited intracellular Mtb replication in macrophages. The increased effector functions for Tim-3-expressing T cells consisted with cellular activation signaling as Tim-3(+)CD4(+) and Tim-3(+)CD8(+) T-cell subsets expressed much higher levels of phosphorylated signaling molecules p38, stat3, stat5, and Erk1/2 than Tim-3- controls. Mechanistic experiments showed that siRNA silencing of Tim-3 or soluble Tim-3 treatment interfering with membrane Tim-3-ligand interaction reduced de novo production of IFN-γ and TNF-α by Tim-3-expressing T cells. Furthermore, stimulation of Tim-3 signaling pathways by antibody cross-linking of membrane Tim-3 augmented effector function of IFN-γ production by CD4(+) and CD8(+) T cells, suggesting that Tim-3 signaling helped to drive stronger effector functions in active TB patients. This study therefore uncovered a previously unknown mechanism for T-cell immune responses regulated by Tim-3, and findings may have implications for potential immune intervention in TB.",
"The objective of this article is to evaluate the efficacy of Doxazosin Mesylate Controlled Release Tablets for preoperative treatment of patients with pheochromocytoma. Between 2003 and 2008, 67 patients with confirmed diagnoses of pheochromocytoma were enrolled in this study. According to the drug used in preoperative management, patients were divided into two groups: Doxazosin Mesylate pretreatment group (n=36) and Phenoxybenzamine pretreatment group (n=31). Surgery was performed only in patients who met the optimal preoperative condition. The hematocrit decreased significantly (P<0.001) after antiadrenergic therapy in patients pretreated with phenoxybenzamine or doxazosin. There was no significant difference between the fluid intakes during operation in both groups. The systolic arterial pressures both before and after induction of anesthesia were all significantly higher in the doxazosin patients than in the phenoxybenzamine group (P<0.05). After tumor removed, the lowest systolic arterial pressure was significantly higher in doxazosin group than in phenoxybenzamine group (P<0.05). The fluctuation of systolic arterial pressure during operation was more stable in doxazosin group than in phenoxybenzamine group (P<0.05). Doxazosin mesylate controlled release tablet was as effective as phenoxybenzamine in preoperative volume expansion. Although phenoxybenzamine provided better arterial pressure control, patients pretreated with DOX experienced more stable perioperative hemodynamic changes, shorter preoperative management periods and more simple medication.",
"Uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria treatment with artesunate + amodiaquine is noninferior to the artemether-lumefantrine standard treatment. The efficacy/safety profiles grant further studies in this and similar populations.",
"Carisbamate was not more efficacious in migraine prophylaxis than placebo in this well-controlled study that included a suitable population. However, carisbamate monotherapy was well tolerated at doses up to 600 mg per day.",
"The Rome criteria have reasonable test-retest reliability and seem to be inclusive, as the majority of children obtain a diagnosis. However, validity is still an issue: The Rome criteria do not overlap well with physician diagnosis or daily symptoms. These issues will need to be addressed in future revisions of the Rome criteria.",
"This study seems to indicate that supplementation with citicoline might significantly slow down glaucomatous rates of progression.",
"This study suggests that evening-dosed TTFC may provide greater 24-h IOP reduction, primarily at the 1800 hours time point, compared with LTFC in XFG.",
"In patients with severe MR, tricuspid valve remodeling was also demonstrated in those with trivial/mild FTR, but was better characterized by 3D echocardiography. Tricuspid valve remodeling and right ventricular dilation were the main determinants of tricuspid valve regurgitation.",
"Inhibitors of carboanhydrase (ICA) in the form of dorzolamide 2% drops and brinzolamide 1% drops are in use for 8-10 years, with a significant intraocular pressure (IOP) lowering effect. The goal of the present study was to obtain precise data on the efficacy of local ICA in conjunction with timolol 0.5% drops, and to evaluate the incidence of side effects. This was a prospective study that lasted 2 years and included 110 patients. Initial IOP values, before therapy with ICA, amounted to 19 +/- 8.4 mm Hg in group A and 20.5 +/- mm Hg in group B. Although the results obtained demonstrated statistically significant lowering of IOP (in group A by 4.5 +/- 2.4 mm Hg, and in group B by 4.6 +/- 2.1 mm Hg) after therapy with ICA, the difference between the groups was not found. Dorzolamide more frequently caused local side effects like aching, itching and pain in the eye. Aditional lowering of lOP in our patients was somewhat greater than reported before (4.6:4.3). Side effects (itching, aching, pain) were three times more frequent in the group treated with dorzolamide than reported by other authors; this difference could be due to patient age, as our patients were mostly elderly people and the data are subjective. The results of this study suggested the effectiveness of additional local therapy with ICA in patients with open angle glaucoma.",
"",
"Spontaneous pneumothorax (SP) affects only a subset of patients in a variety of disorders. This multi-institutional study attempted to identify unique clinicopathologic features of spontaneous pneumothorax (SP) in a large cohort. A total of 111 cases from 109 patients were retrieved from 3 institutions over an 11-year period: 27 women, 82 men. 66 were smokers, 16 were non-smokers, 27 unknown. Sixty-six cases (61%) had identifiable disorders (secondary SP). Seven patients had a family history of lung disease: 2 of pneumothorax, 2 of lung cancer, and 1 each of emphysema, COPD, and not further classified. Forty-three cases (32 men, 11 women) were primary. The average age was 28 (men) and 37 (women). 17 smoked, 14 were non-smokers, and 12 unknown. In 26%, a unique recently described entity, pneumothorax-associated fibroblastic lesion (PAFL), was noted. 16% of this subset also had cellular alveolar septae. Abundant intraalveolar macrophages were noted in 12 cases. Five cases of unknown etiology had extensive bullous lung disease not otherwise classified. One patient had unusual cellular areas suggestive of LAM but negative for HMB-45. In conclusion, several distinct morphologic lesions were identified: PAFL, a subset with cellular septae, and a third with numerous intraalveolar macrophages.",
"Latanoprost, bimatoprost, and travoprost were comparable in their ability to reduce IOP in open-angle glaucoma patients. On the basis of our data, the IOP reduction of these drugs is indistinguishable within statistical parameters.",
"A three-arm stratified cluster randomized trial is used to compare the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of: (1) provider malaria training intervention versus expected standard practice in malaria diagnosis and treatment; (2) provider malaria training intervention plus school-based intervention versus expected standard practice; and (3) the combined provider plus school-based intervention versus provider intervention alone. RDTs will be introduced in all arms of the trial. The primary outcome is the proportion of patients attending facilities that report a fever or suspected malaria and receive treatment according to malaria guidelines. This will be measured by surveying patients (or caregivers) as they exit primary health centers, pharmacies, and patent medicine dealers. Cost-effectiveness will be presented in terms of the primary outcome and a range of secondary outcomes, including changes in provider and community knowledge. Costs will be estimated from both a societal and provider perspective using standard economic evaluation methodologies.",
"Relative to their respective sex-specific healthy control subjects, derived standard deviation scores in repaired tetralogy of Fallot suggest that women perform poorer than men in terms of right ventricular systolic function as tested by cardiac magnetic resonance and exercise capacity. This effect cannot be explained by selection bias. Further outcome data are required from longitudinal cohort studies.",
"The results from this study show that sumatriptan administration using a novel iontophoretic transdermal technology delivers plasma levels within the range for nasal spray, tablet, and injectable sumatriptan. Zelrix I and II were well tolerated and adverse events were mild and transient. Transdermal delivery of sumatriptan using the SmartRelief iontophoretic technology may prove beneficial for a large segment of the migraine population based upon fast, consistent delivery of drug and avoidance of common gastrointestinal disturbances associated with migraine.",
"In patients with paroxysmal AF and sick sinus syndrome requiring pacemaker implantation, an alternative atrial pacing site at the RA septum or continuous atrial overdrive pacing did not prevent the development of persistent AF.",
"Our findings suggest that CA-125 can be a beneficial parameter in determination of pulmonary tuberculosis activity and the evaluation of response to treatment.",
"Serious complications during high frequency jet ventilation (HFJV) are rare and have been documented in animals and in case reports or short series of patients with a difficult airway. We report complications of transtracheal HFFJV in a prospective multicentre study of 643 patients having laryngoscopy or laryngeal laser surgery. A transtracheal catheter could not be inserted in two patients (0.3%). Subcutaneous emphysema (8.4%) was more frequent after multiple tracheal punctures. There were seven pneumothoraces (1%), two after laser damage to the injector, one after difficult laryngoscopy, four with no clear cause. Arterial desaturation of oxygen was more frequent during laser surgery and in overweight patients. Transtracheal ventilation from a ventilator with an automatic cut-off device is a reliable method for experienced users. Control of airway pressure does not prevent a low frequency of pneumothorax.",
"A relevant proportion idiopathic VT/PVC can safely be ablated from the GCV without significant permanent coronary artery stenosis after RF application. Our data furthermore demonstrate that damage to the coronary artery system is likely to be transient.",
"Although surgical removal is the therapy of choice in patients with pheochromocytoma, medical management is necessary in the preoperative preparation of these patients and in inoperable cases. An alpha-adrenoceptor-blocking agent is routinely used as initial therapy to control hypertension, with a beta-blocker used as a second-step agent to control tachycardia when indicated. Doxazosin, a selective alpha 1-inhibitor used as an antihypertensive agent for the reduction of coronary heart disease risk in hypertensive patients, appears to be a good agent to control blood pressure with minimal changes in heart rate. The aim of this study was to assess the antihypertensive efficacy and safety of doxazosin when used alone or in conjunction with a beta-blocker in 24 patients with pheochromocytoma. Overall excellent or good antihypertensive efficacy was assessed by physicians in 19 of 24 patients (79.2%) enrolled in the study. Doxazosin monotherapy was effective in eight of 12 patients (66.7%), and combined therapy with a beta-blocker was effective in 11 of 12 patients (91.7%). The mean pulse rate remained constant throughout therapy. Adverse reactions were minor and transient and occurred in only three patients. Urinary and plasma catecholamine levels tended to decrease or remained unchanged during doxazosin therapy. There were no clinically hazardous abnormalities or problems in hematologic and biochemical laboratory data. Overall, doxazosin was considered very useful or useful in 83.3% of patients. In conclusion, doxazosin appears to be an excellent agent for the management of hypertension associated with pheochromocytoma.",
"Increase in OI, independent of changes to CL and DF, appears critical to AF termination with flecainide. Increase in OI holds promise as a sensitive predictor of AF termination.",
"OH is associated with higher AF incidence. Whether interventions that decrease OH can reduce AF risk remains unknown.",
"A cross-sectional study was used to compare the "QuantiFERON-TB Gold In-tube" assay (QFT-GIT) to the Mantoux tuberculin skin test (TST) as a test for Mycobacterium tuberculosis (TB) infection among healthcare workers in Auckland, New Zealand (NZ). New employees who underwent pre-employment interviews between 1 May 2007 and 18 March 2008 were recruited. Participants completed a detailed questionnaire to assess their risk of TB. All participants were tested by the QFT-GIT and TST. Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to correlate positive results with risk factors for TB and previous BCG. None of the 325 participants were found to have active TB. Approximately 67% had been BCG vaccinated. Positive results for each test were associated with residence in a high incidence country [odds ratio (OR)=6.77; p=0.0005 and 4.48; p<0.0001 for QFT-GIT and TST respectively]. Although positive TST results were associated with "high-risk occupational exposure" to TB [OR=4.13; p=0.016], they were also associated with previous BCG vaccination (OR=5.10; p=0.003). Both tests were associated with at least one well described risk factor for TB infection. The association between positive TST and BCG implies that a high percentage of positive TST results occurred due to non-specific cross-reactivity with BCG. Our findings suggest that among low TB prevalence populations with a high rate of BCG vaccination, the QFT-GIT is more specific than the TST although the superior specificity may be at the expense of some sensitivity.",
"This registry analysis demonstrates the feasibility and potential procedure difficulties when using TAVI for severe NAVR. Acceptable results may be achieved in carefully selected patients who are deemed too high risk for conventional surgery, but the possibility of requiring 2 valves and leaving residual aortic regurgitation remain important considerations.",
"Approximately 2 billion persons worldwide are infected with schistosomiasis and soil-transmitted helminths (STH), many in areas where endemic malaria transmission coexists. Few data exist on associations between these infections. Nested within a larger clinical trial, primigravid and secundigravid women provided blood samples for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) testing and peripheral malaria films and stool and urine for evaluation of STH and Schistosoma spp. during their initial antenatal clinic visit. The most common parasitic infections were malaria (37.6%), S. haematobium (32.3%), and hookworm (14.4%); 14.2% of women were HIV-infected. S. haematobium infection was associated with lower malarial parasite densities (344 versus 557 parasites/μL blood; P < 0.05). In multivariate analysis, HIV and hookworm infection were independently associated with malaria infection (adjusted odds ratio = 1.9 and 95% confidence interval = 1.2-3.0 for HIV; adjusted odds ratio = 1.9 and 95% confidence interval = 1.03-3.5 for hookworm). Concurrent helminthic infection had both positive and negative effects on malaria parasitemia among pregnant women in Malawi.",
"Compared with the EuroSCORE II, VA score, NNE score, NYC score, and the Ambler score, the STS score gives an accurate prediction for individual operative risk in patients undergoing heart valve surgery at our centre. Therefore, the use of the STS score for risk evaluation maybe suitable in patients undergoing heart valve surgery at our centre in the future.",
"Inquiring about specific difficulties with tasks related to glare, visual processing speed, visual search, and peripheral vision in driving, especially among patients with substantial bilateral visual field damage, will enable physicians to more effectively counsel patients regarding driving.",
"Catheter ablation of subsequent ATs increases freedom from AF but not AT, suggesting a contributing role of subsequent ATs in the mechanisms of persistent AF.",
"The induction of cellular immunity, in conjunction with antibodies, may be essential for vaccines to protect against blood-stage infection with the human malaria parasite Plasmodium falciparum. We have shown that prime-boost delivery of P. falciparum blood-stage antigens by chimpanzee adenovirus 63 (ChAd63) followed by the attenuated orthopoxvirus MVA is safe and immunogenic in healthy adults. Here, we report on vaccine efficacy against controlled human malaria infection delivered by mosquito bites. The blood-stage malaria vaccines were administered alone, or together (MSP1+AMA1), or with a pre-erythrocytic malaria vaccine candidate (MSP1+ME-TRAP). In this first human use of coadministered ChAd63-MVA regimes, we demonstrate immune interference whereby responses against merozoite surface protein 1 (MSP1) are dominant over apical membrane antigen 1 (AMA1) and ME-TRAP. We also show that induction of strong cellular immunity against MSP1 and AMA1 is safe, but does not impact on parasite growth rates in the blood. In a subset of vaccinated volunteers, a delay in time to diagnosis was observed and sterilizing protection was observed in one volunteer coimmunized with MSP1+AMA1-results consistent with vaccine-induced pre-erythrocytic, rather than blood-stage, immunity. These data call into question the utility of T cell-inducing blood-stage malaria vaccines and suggest that the focus should remain on high-titer antibody induction against susceptible antigen targets.",
"In this study, more than 10% of ICD patients were implanted without VF induction. Untested patients appeared to be sicker than tested patients, with a more severe long-term outcome, but without any difference in mortality due to arrhythmic events.",
"Since the agreement between patient self-report and CRFs/medical records varies with specific cardiovascular diagnoses in patients with hypercholesterolemia, the adequacy of this tool seems to be limited. However, the authors recommend additional data validation for certain patient groups and consideration of individual patient characteristics associated with over- and underreporting.",
"Xpert MTB/RIF provided earlier TB diagnosis in 25% more cases than acid-fast smear alone. Its implementation should be considered for TB diagnosis in HIV-positive patients even outside TB-endemic areas.",
"The beta(1)AR Arg389Arg genotype is associated with increased flecainide potency and higher heart rate during atrial fibrillation. The Arg389Gly-Ser49Gly genotype might be of predictive value for atrial fibrillation.",
"The use of β blockers started either at the time of hospital admission for myocardial infarction or before a myocardial infarction is associated with improved survival after myocardial infarction in patients with COPD.",
"Both the CCO and SMG groups had significantly improved wound assessment scores after 4 weeks of treatment (CCO, -2.5, P = 0.007; SMG, -3.4, P = 0.006). Only CCO treatment resulted in a statistically significant decrease from baseline in the mean wound area at the end of treatment (P = 0.0164) and at the end of follow-up (P = 0.012). In addition, the CCO group exhibited a significantly better response rate at the end of follow-up compared with the SMG group (0.92 vs 0.75, P < 0.05). Reported adverse events were similar between the 2 treatment groups. None of the reported adverse events were considered to be related to treatment. The economic analysis indicated that the direct mean costs per responder in the physician office setting of care were $832 versus $1042 for the CCO group versus the SMG group, whereas the direct mean costs per responder in the hospital outpatient department setting were $1607 versus $1980.",
"This suggests that advising patients on the importance of early triptan intake after headache onset may help improve the efficacy of acute migraine treatments.",
"Length of hospital stay is not only determined by baseline risk profiles of patients but is also highly dependent on hospital discharge policy, which seems to be unrelated to medical or logistical factors.",
"Latanoprost and nipradilol are more effective as a combination therapy than each one by itself.",
"The CHOICE trial will directly compare the efficacy and safety of EES, ZES-R, and BES in everyday clinical practice for long-term follow-up.",
"Delays in treatment with catheter ablation impact procedural success rates independent of temporal changes to the AF subtype at ablation.",
"Rizatriptan demonstrated a statistically significant improvement over placebo in eliminating pain and was generally well tolerated in migraineurs aged 12-17 and 6-17 years.",
"Dronedarone is a multi-channel-blocking drug for the treatment of patients with atrial fibrillation (AF) or atrial flutter (AFL) with rate- and rhythm-controlling properties. A Placebo-Controlled, Double-Blind, Parallel Arm Trial to Assess the Efficacy of Dronedarone 400 mg b.i.d. for the Prevention of Cardiovascular Hospitalization or Death from Any Cause in Patients With Atrial Fibrillation/Atrial Flutter (ATHENA) demonstrated that dronedarone reduced the risk for first cardiovascular hospitalization or death from any cause. The aim of this post hoc analysis was to evaluate the rhythm- and rate-controlling properties of dronedarone in the ATHENA trial. Patients were randomized to dronedarone 400 mg twice daily (n = 2,301) or placebo (n = 2,327). Electrocardiographic tracings were classified for AF or AFL or sinus rhythm. Patients with AF or AFL on every postbaseline electrocardiogram were classified as having permanent AF or AFL. All electrical cardioversions were documented. The use of rate-controlling medications was equally distributed in the 2 treatment groups. The median time to first AF or AFL recurrence of patients in sinus rhythm at baseline was 498 days in placebo patients and 737 days in dronedarone patients (hazard ratio 0.749, 95% confidence interval 0.681 to 0.824, p <0.001). In the dronedarone group, 339 patients (15%) had ≥1 electrical cardioversion, compared to 481 (21%) in the placebo group (hazard ratio 0.684, 95% confidence interval 0.596 to 0.786, p <0.001). The likelihood of permanent AF or AFL was lower with dronedarone (178 patients [7.6%]) compared to placebo (295 patients [12.8%]) (p <0.001). At the time of first AF or AFL recurrence, the mean heart rates were 85.3 and 95.5 beats/min in the dronedarone and placebo groups, respectively (p <0.001). In conclusion, dronedarone demonstrated both rhythm- and rate-controlling properties in ATHENA. These effects are likely to contribute to the reduction of important clinical outcomes observed in this trial.",
"LEADER commenced in September 2010, and enrollment concluded in April 2012. There were 9,340 patients enrolled at 410 sites in 32 countries. The mean age of patients was 64.3 ± 7.2 years, 64.3% were men, and mean body mass index was 32.5 ± 6.3 kg/m2. There were 7,592 (81.3%) patients with prior CVD and 1,748 (18.7%) who were high risk but without prior CVD. It is expected that LEADER will provide conclusive data regarding the cardiovascular safety of liraglutide relative to the current standard of usual care for a global population of patients with T2DM.",
"Topical brimonidine showed an additive IOP-lowering effect to topical PG analogues, although its IOP-lowering effect was inferior to topical timolol as monotherapy.",
"We hypothesized that Theory of Planned Behavior (TPB) constructs (behavioral belief, attitude, subjective norm, perceived behavioral control, knowledge and behavioral intention) regarding preventive behaviors for obesity and type 2 diabetes will change favorably after completing the web-based intervention, HOT (Healthy Outcome for Teens) project, grounded in the TPB; and that passive online learning (POL) group will improve more than the active online learning (AOL) group. The secondary hypothesis was to determine to what extent constructs of the TPB predict intentions. 216 adolescents were recruited, 127 randomly allocated to the treatment group (AOL) and 89 to the control group (POL). The subjects completed a TPB questionnaire pre and post intervention. Both POL and AOL groups showed significant improvements from pretest to posttest survey. However, the results indicated no significant difference between POL and AOL for all constructs except behavioral belief. Correlational analysis indicated that all TPB constructs were significantly correlated with intentions for pretest and posttest for both groups. Attitude and behavioral control showed strongest correlations. Regression analysis indicated that TPB constructs were predictive of intentions and the predictive power improved post intervention. Behavioral control consistently predicted intentions for all categories and was the strongest predictor for pretest scores. For posttest scores, knowledge and attitude were the strongest predictors for POL and AOL groups respectively. Thus, HOT project improved knowledge and the TPB constructs scores for targeted behaviors, healthy eating and physical activity, for prevention of obesity and type 2 diabetes.",
"null",
"Our findings give preliminary evidence that patients with chronic migraine have a positive, but delayed, response to anodal tDCS of the primary motor cortex. These effects may be related to electrical currents induced in pain-related cortical and subcortical regions.",
"Central venous insertion modality and sites had no impact on either early or late complication rates, but US-guided subclavian insertion showed the lowest proportion of failures.",
"Clonidine, as compared with placebo, did not reduce the number of primary-outcome events (367 and 339, respectively; hazard ratio with clonidine, 1.08; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.93 to 1.26; P=0.29). Myocardial infarction occurred in 329 patients (6.6%) assigned to clonidine and in 295 patients (5.9%) assigned to placebo (hazard ratio, 1.11; 95% CI, 0.95 to 1.30; P=0.18). Significantly more patients in the clonidine group than in the placebo group had clinically important hypotension (2385 patients [47.6%] vs. 1854 patients [37.1%]; hazard ratio 1.32; 95% CI, 1.24 to 1.40; P<0.001). Clonidine, as compared with placebo, was associated with an increased rate of nonfatal cardiac arrest (0.3% [16 patients] vs. 0.1% [5 patients]; hazard ratio, 3.20; 95% CI, 1.17 to 8.73; P=0.02).",
"The availability and utilization of LLITN was low in the study area. The prevalence of malaria and anaemia was high. Intervention strategies of malaria should focus on high risk population and vulnerable groups.",
"The Wellcome Trust.",
"In this study patients with sepsis showed a low incidence of cardiovascular ischemic events. In contrast, arrhythmic events showed a high incidence. Conventional monitoring failed to detect any of the ischemic events and most arrhythmic events. In this study, cardiovascular events generated by adrenergic discharge had no impact upon mortality.",
"The efficacy ofreamberin, remaxol, S-adenosyl-L-methionine (ademethionine) and 5% glucose solution was estimated in the treatment of patients with tuberculosis of the respiratory organs and drug hepatotoxicity signs confirmed by higher activity of liver indicative enzymes and nitrogen oxide levels. Remaxol showed a pronounced positive effect on the cytolytic syndrome signs, evident from lower activity of alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase. At the same time ademethionine was superior to remaxol in the effect on the cholestatic signs and inferior in the effect on the cytolytic signs. By the effect on the activity of alanine aminotransferase and aspartate aminotransferase, reamberin was inferior to remaxol and superior to ademe-thionine, its effect on the cholestasis markers level vs. the other drugs being superior only to that of 5% glucose solution. As compared to reamberin, ademethionine and 5% glucose solution, remaxol promoted higher integral indices of the host antioxidant protection (total antioxidant capacity and total antioxidant status), that partially explained the drug pronounced hepatoprotective effect.",
"A combination of SumaRT/Nap (group A) did not appear to reduce migraine headache frequency over a 3-month period. Subjects using naproxen sodium (group B) alone and completing the study per protocol had a marked statistically significant reduction in migraine headache days. Both groups completing the study per protocol had experienced clinically meaningful 2-hour headache relief. This suggests there may be a subset of patients with chronic migraine that are responsive to high doses of naproxen as an acute intervention with a significant prophylactic benefit. Subjects randomized to SumaRT/Nap experience benefit, primarily as an acute intervention. This hypothesis may warrant future larger scale clinical trials. Frequent dosing of SumaRT/Nap or naproxen sodium was well tolerated in this study.",
"The use of TachoSil following pulmonary resection resulted in a reduction in air leakage compared with standard techniques. This reduction in air leakage resulted in a significant reduction in both the time to chest drain removal and the period of hospitalisation.",
"There was no observed detrimental effect on patient outcomes arising from procedures undertaken by trainees working in a structured training environment compared with consultants.",
"structurally functional remodeling of the arterial wall in patients with chronic heart failure of ischemic etiology and persistent AF has a definite pattern of forming. Omega-3 fatty acids have a vasoprotective effect, providing improving elastic properties of the arteries by preventing fibrosis.",
"Adding copeptin to cTnI allowed safe rule out of AMI with a negative predictive value >99% in patients presenting with suspected acute coronary syndromes. This combination has the potential to rule out AMI in 58% of patients without serial blood draws.",
"The authors quantified the prevalence of migraine in subjects with mental disorders, first-degree relatives and the adult general population (GP) in Mérida, Venezuela. After validation, a modified, short version of the Lipton's diagnostic scale was administered to consecutively admitted in- and out-patients (n = 1059), their first-degree relatives (n = 445) and a probabilistic sample of the GP (n = 516). In the GP, the frequency of migraine (percentage and 95% confidence interval) was 14.9 (11.8-17.9). The migraine frequencies were (percentage and odd ratio probability against the GP: bipolar disorder (15.7%, p = 0.5), schizophrenia (8.3%, p = 0.08), depression and dysthimia (24.4%, p = 0.2), anxiety disorders (10.0%, p = 0.02), personality disorders (11.4%, p = 0.15), all other disorders (15.5%, p = 0.4), relatives of bipolar patients (4.4%, p < 0.001), relatives of schizophrenia patients (3.5%, p = 0.003), and relatives of patients with all other mental disorders (12.8%, p = 0.4). Migraine was more common in women (p < 0.001), and the bipolar patients presented the highest female to male ratio (8:1). A high variability was observed in migraine prevalence among the diagnostic categories, but it was particularly high in subjects with affective disorders, mainly in women, who thus deserve special attention from clinicians.",
"Sickle-cell anemia is one of the most prevalent hereditary disorders with prominent morbidity and mortality. Oxidative phenomena play a significant role in the disorder's pathophysiology. A forumlation of garlic (Allium sativum), AGE, has been reported to exert an antioxidant effect in vitro. We evaluated the antioxidant effect of AGE on sickle red blood cells (RBCs). Five patients (two men and three women, mean age 40+/-15 years, range 24-58 years) with sickle-cell anemia participated in the study. AGE was administered at a dose of 5 mL daily. Whole blood samples were obtained at baseline and at 4 wk, primarily for Heinz body analysis. In all patients, the number of Heinz bodies decreased over the 4-wk period (58.9+/-20.0% at baseline to 29.8+/-15.3% at follow-up; P=0.03). These data suggest that AGE has a significant antioxidant activity on sickle RBCs. AGE may be further evaluated as a potential therapeutic agent to ameliorate complications of sickle-cell anemia.",
"These findings clarify the overlap between baseline and hydroxyurea-induced fetal hemoglobin levels in pediatric disease. Studies assessing influences of specific sequence variants in these and other genetic loci in larger populations and in unusual hydroxyurea responders are needed to further understand the maintenance and therapeutic induction of fetal hemoglobin in pediatric sickle cell disease.",
"It is feasible and safe to use a remote RCS for MI ablation, including "driving into the CS." MI block was achieved in 98% with a significant reduction in the need for CS ablation (48%). There is a short learning curve.",
"Johnson and Johnson Pharmaceutical Research and Development and Bayer HealthCare.",
"IGRAs are an accurate indicator of LTI, providing a more specific way of diagnostic and reducing the number of subjects to be treated. QF appears to be a valuable public health tool with potential advantages over the PPD and improving resources.",
"Majority of patients treated with BoNTA in a specialty HA center presented with a CM diagnosis. HA disability was correlated with measures of frequency and treatment utilization.",
"An intracoronary bolus of urokinase as an adjunct to primary PCI for acute STEMI is not equally effective to an intracoronary bolus of tirofiban with respect to improvement in myocardial reperfusion assessed by STR. This may be caused by less reduction in coronary circulatory platelet activation and inflammation.",
"Royal Dutch Academy of Arts and Sciences, Netherlands Foundation for Scientific Research, and Padjadjaran University, Bandung, Indonesia.",
"This is the first randomized study showing that performing catheter ablation of AF without warfarin discontinuation reduces the occurrence of periprocedural stroke and minor bleeding complications compared with bridging with low-molecular-weight heparin.",
"Almost half of the VFRs travelling to West Africa had not started chemoprophylaxis; therefore, there is room for improvement. Risk reduction strategies could aim at improving attendance to travel clinics and focus on young-, business and long term travellers and VFRs who have experienced malaria during consultation. Risk reduction strategies should focus on improving self-efficacy and conceptions of response efficacy, including social environment to aim at creating the positive social context needed.",
"null",
"Controlled-Trials.com ISRCTN35739639 <http://www.controlled-trials.com/ISRCTN35739639>.",
"Video-assisted thoracoscopy has used for lots of thoracic disorders. Spontaneous pneumothorax may be ideally suited for thoracoscopic management. Stapling of apical blebs and pleurodesis can now be performed thoracoscopically. We compared our results with thoracoscopic management of spontaneous pneumothorax in 12 patients (group I) with a group of 8 patients (group II) previously subjected to lateral thoracotomy. Operative time and hospital stay were less in group I (P < 0.05), as the use of parenteral narcotics after 24 hours (P < 0.05). There have been no recurrences to date in group I. Video-assisted thoracoscopic management is safe and offers the benefits of shorter hospital stays and less pain.",
"Clinic variability in delivery rates of preventive services correlates with differences in clinics' patient panel characteristics, particularly the percentage of patients with continuous insurance coverage. Quality scores that do not account for these differences could create disincentives to clinics providing diabetes care for vulnerable patients.",
"The aim of this prospective study was to evaluate video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS) in primary and secondary spontaneous pneumothoraces. Over a 37-month period, 107 videothoracoscopic interventions were performed to treat spontaneous pneumothorax in 105 patients, 78 men and 27 women, whose average age was 28 years.Indications for surgery included recurrent ipsilateral pneumothorax (47 cases), persistent air leak (23 cases), hypertensive pneumothorax (14 cases), history of contralateral pneumothorax (13 cases), and elective surgery (10 cases). All of these patients were treated by endoscopic resection of the bullae (or apical zone in cases where the suspected abnormalities, or bullae, could not be visualized) plus physical pleurodesis. There were no perioperative deaths. Complications occurred in 6% of the cases of primary spontaneous pneumothorax and in 45% of the cases of secondary spontaneous pneumothorax. The complications among the secondary pneumothorax patients ranged widely from postoperative subcutaneous emphysema (resolved through simple, unassisted observation) to the need for an accessory minithoracotomy. Two patients (1.8%) suffered a recurrence of pneumothorax 4 and 8 months, respectively, after VATS treatment.",
"Non-tunneled catheters in immunocompromised patients (adults and children) is a safe technique, and is an alternative to the Hickman catheters which are most widely used today in patients undergoing bone marrow transplantation.",
"Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN18642314; South African National Clinical Trials Registry DOH-27-0711-3568.",
"The combination of bimatoprost and latanoprost in POAG increases the IOP and should not be considered as a therapeutic option.",
"In Asian female breast cancer patients, tamoxifen use was associated with reduced risks of AMI, ischemic, hemorrhagic stroke and total cardiovascular events.",
"In CRT patients receiving a quadripolar LV lead, significant variations in electromechanical parameters were observed by changing pacing vector. Individually targeting the optimal pacing site may enhance the acute haemodynamic response to CRT.",
"False negative GCTs cannot be readily predicted by risk factors. However, their clinical implications at delivery may be benign.",
"Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry Number, ACTRN12609000816257.",
"Results of this study demonstrate that the in house PCR dot blot may be an improvement for ruling out PTB diagnosis in PTB suspects assisted at hospitals with a high prevalence of TB/HIV.",
"In patients with an elevated coronary calcium score, a negative CTCA implies an excellent short-term outcome and appears to exclude clinically significant coronary disease.",
"This prospective study compared intraocular pressure (IOP) control, cardiorespiratory function, and adverse effects in 50 patients with glaucoma and ocular hypertension. Patients on topical combination timolol-latanoprost therapy were recruited. After they had used this combination for at least 2 months, they were switched to bimatoprost monotherapy. Full ocular examination and spirometric testing were performed; a questionnaire concerned with ocular symptoms was completed, and pulse rate was recorded. Two months later, mean IOP was similar with the combination (17.2 mm Hg) and with bimatoprost (16.4 mm Hg), but mean peak expiratory flow rate, ratio of forced expiratory volume in 1 second to forced vital capacity, and heart rate had increased significantly after the switch was made to bimatoprost. Adverse effects generally were similar with these regimens; however, the incidence of hyperemia doubled after the switch had been made. Bimatoprost and the timolol-latanoprost combination were equally efficacious in lowering IOP; bimatoprost had less of an effect on cardiorespiratory function.",
"In this study, early treatment outcomes suggest that decentralised care for MDR-TB patients is superior to that in a centralised setting.",
"In five healthy selected volunteers with normal blood pressure and one pheochromocytoma patient, high performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) has been evaluated, with electrochemical detection for quantitation of urinary catecholamines and metanephrines during administration of the antihypertensive, alpha-methyldopa. The clinical usefulness of HPLC is compared with that of the conventional assay method--the trihydroxyindole (THI)-fluorometric procedure. The THI fluorometric method is known to suffer from true false-positive interference as a result of its inability to differentiate between alpha-methyldopa, its primary metabolic derivatives, and the structurally similar endogenous catecholamines. It is shown that the HPLC separation methodology yields accurate, reproducible results devoid of interference from the presence of alpha-methyldopa. Free urinary excretion rates of epinephrine, norepinephrine, and dopamine were elevated by alpha-methyldopa, P less than 0.001, for epinephrine, norepinephrine, and dopamine when measured by the trihydroxyindole technique but not with high performance liquid chromatography. With alpha-methyldopa treatment, urinary normetanephrine excretion rates were slightly increased, P less than 0.05, by fluorometric analysis and slightly decreased. P less than 0.05, when measured by HPLC. Of added interest, the formation of the normetanephrine analog of alpha-methyldopa, previously undetected, is suggested. Slightly elevated metanephrine levels are seen by the THI-fluorometric method in the presence of alpha-methyl metanephrines. Establishing that the HPLC assay procedure is suitable for clinical diagnosis of pheochromocytoma, despite the presence of alpha-methyldopa, makes it unnecessary to discontinue use of this antihypertensive in screening for pheochromocytoma.",
"Treatment for malaria based on RDT results is safe and feasible even in infants living in areas with moderate to high endemicity for both P. falciparum and P. vivax infections.",
"The CRUCIAL trial was designed to compare the relative reduction in calculated Framingham coronary heart disease risk when a multiple risk factor intervention strategy, based on single-pill amlodipine besylate/atorvastatin calcium, was compared with a usual-care strategy. Eligible patients had treated or untreated hypertension, >or=3 additional cardiovascular risk factors, and baseline total cholesterol<or=6.5 mmol/L, but no coronary heart disease. The CRUCIAL trial was a 12-month, international, multicenter, prospective, stratified, cluster-randomized, parallel-design, open-label trial conducted in 20 countries in Asia, the Middle East, Europe, and Latin America. We anticipate the results of this study will be available in mid to late 2010. In this article we report the rationale for and design of the CRUCIAL trial and discuss how the challenges in the design and conduct of this cluster-randomized trial were addressed. The cluster-randomized trial design, with the investigator as the unit of randomization, was chosen to minimize contamination between the trial arms. The intent of the study was to compare the new therapeutic strategy with customary treatment practices, so no recommendation was made regarding the choice of antihypertensive or lipid-lowering drugs in the usual-care arm. It was considered that if the investigator managed both arms of the trial it would be difficult to prevent crossover of treatment strategies. Patients were enrolled in the study before the investigators were randomized to avoid selection bias. Investigators were randomized in a 1:1 ratio within each country to explicitly balance the treatment arms with respect to potential confounding factors. The cluster effect was taken into account in the sample size calculation. The findings from the CRUCIAL trial have the potential to inform current thinking on how to effectively reduce the cardiovascular risk of patients with hypertension and additional risk factors but only modestly elevated total cholesterol.",
"Our work has confirmed that IPTi-SP does not negatively affect the development of cellular immune response during early childhood. This study has also provided new insights as to how these cytokine responses are acquired upon age and exposure to P. falciparum, as well as their associations with malaria susceptibility.",
"Prophylactic medications do not appear to influence the treatment response to TMS. The better response in Sham-treated patients not on PM may indicate a more responsive subgroup or different patient phenotype than those currently using PM. These findings will need to be verified in a larger patient sample randomized by presence or absence of PM.",
"Pulmonary lymphangioleiomyomatosis (LAM) is a rare disorder of unknown cause characterized by peribronchial, perivascular, and perilymphatic proliferation of abnormal smooth muscle cells leading to cystic lesions. The hypothesis of hormonal dependence and the effectiveness of hormonal therapy have not yet been demonstrated conclusively, and the prevalence of extrathoracic manifestations and the survival of patients with LAM are somewhat contradictory. A multicentric retrospective study was conducted in an attempt to describe better the initial features, the diagnostic procedures, the associated lesions, and, above all, the management and course of LAM in a large homogeneous series of 69 stringently selected patients, with a majority of cases diagnosed since 1990. The aim of the study, based on a review of the literature, also was to provide a comprehensive view of this uncommon disease. The clinical features were in keeping with previous studies, but we found that exertional dyspnea and pneumothorax were the most common features, and chylous involvement was less frequent. LAM was diagnosed after menopause in about 10% of cases. The onset of LAM occurred during pregnancy in 20% of cases, and a clear exacerbation of LAM was observed in 14% of cases during pregnancy. Pulmonary LAM was diagnosed on lung histopathology in 83% of cases, but renal angiomyolipoma, observed in 32% of our patients, may be a useful diagnostic criterion when associated with typical multiple cysts on chest CT scan or with chylous effusion. Chest CT scan was more informative than chest X-ray (normal in 9% of cases), and may be indicated in spontaneous pneumothorax or renal angiomyolipoma in women of childbearing age. About 40% of the patients had a normal initial spirometry, while an obstructive ventilatory defect (44%), a restrictive ventilatory defect (23%), was observed in other patients. Initial diffusing capacity for carbon monoxide was frequently decreased (82%). Hormonal therapy was administered in 57 patients, but a clear > or = 15% improvement of FEV1 was observed in only 4 evaluable patients, treated with tamoxifen and progestogens (n = 2), progestogen (n = 1), and oophorectomy (n = 1). Probably 1 of the most urgent needs for clinical research in LAM is to test the currently available hormonal treatments in the context of international multicenter prospective controlled studies. Pleurodesis was performed in 40 patients. Lung transplantation was performed in 13 patients, 7.8 +/- 5.2 years after onset of LAM, in whom the mean FEV1 was 0.57 +/- 0.15 L. After a follow-up of 2.3 +/- 2.2 years, 9 patients were alive. Mean follow-up from onset of disease to either death or closing date was 8.2 +/- 6.3 years. Overall survival was better than usually reported in LAM, and Kaplan-Meier plot showed survival probabilities of 91% after 5 years, 79% after 10 years, and 71% after 15 years of disease duration.",
"We hypothesised that relaxation of the serratus anterior muscle by long thoracic nerve (LTN) block could help pain relief after video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery. Patients undergoing thoracoscopic wedge resection for pneumothorax were randomly assigned to control or LTN block. LTN block was performed before induction of general anaesthesia. Pain was evaluated using a visual analogue scale before anaesthesia induction (T0), on arrival to the post-anaesthetic care unit (PACU) (T1), every ten minutes after arrival in the PACU for 30 minutes (T2, T3 and T4) and one hour and 24 hours after discharge from the PACU (T5 and T6). Visual analogue scale scores from T1 to T5 in the block group were lower than the control group (T1: 36±11 vs 48±14 [P=0001], T2: 36±11 vs 51±15 [P<0.001], T3: 35±vs 52±15 [P<0.001], T4: 30±7 vs 45±17 [P<0.001] and T5: 26±5 vs 32±5 [P<0.001]). Total intravenous patient-controlled analgesia bolus dose (alfentanil 75 µg/ml) during PACU stay (1.6±1.2 vs 3.9±2.0 ml, P<0.001) and one hour after discharge from the PACU (0.5±0.8 vs 1.7±1.2 ml, P<0.001) in the LTN group was significantly lower than the control group. Total intravenous patient-controlled analgesia bolus dose from 1-24 hours after discharge from the PACU was similar between groups (P=0197). These findings indicate that LTN block reduced pain after video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery from end-of-surgery to one hour after discharge from the PACU.",
"Patients with combined PR and mild RVOTO had better RV remodeling and exercise capacity compared to those with isolated PR. Our findings confirm the benefits from mild residual RVOTO support a policy of conservative RVOTO relief at repair.",
"Glaucoma patient care should include reminders about consistent use of medication and the importance of keeping appointments. More frequent, and personalized, telephone contact may be helpful to patients who are known to be nonadherent.",
"Although some data suggest that statins can improve cardiac mechanical function in some patients with chronic heart failure (CHF), the effects of long-term statin therapy on cardiac electrical instability remain unclear. We performed a randomized perspective analysis of the effects of 10 mg/d (statin group 1, n=40), 20 mg/d (statin group 2, n=38) of atorvastatin and controls (control group, n=41) on corrected QT intervals (QTc), corrected QT dispersion (QTcd) and cardiac function in patients with CHF secondary to coronary artery disease (CAD) for one year. At 6 and 12 months, the statin groups displayed lower QTc and QTcd compared with controls. The changes were becoming more distinct in statin group 2, (P<0.05). In statin groups, the changes of QTc and QTcd were independent of changes of plasma low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and total cholesterol levels, and the decrease of QTcd was correlated with the increase of LVEF within 12 months. Atorvastatin shortens QTc, QTcd and improves cardiac function, and might thereby be parts of the mechanisms which atorvastatin benefited CHF patients secondary to CAD.",
"Baseline characteristics for the 61 patients were mean age 81.9 ± 4.4 years, 62.3% female, 88.5% New York Heart Association class III/IV, 52.5% coronary artery disease, and 54.2% extracardiac arteriopathy. For all of the attempted implantations (n = 60), the Engager prosthesis was positioned in the correct anatomic position without conversions to surgery, second valve implantation, device malposition, aortic annular rupture, or coronary obstruction. All-cause mortality was 9.9% at 30 days and 16.9% at 6 months. The baseline mean aortic valve gradient was 43.7 ± 16.7 mm Hg and 11.5 ± 5.0 mm Hg at 30 days, and showed similar reduction at 6 months (13.9 ± 6.2 mm Hg). There was no paravalvular regurgitation greater than mild through 6 months.",
"LAA dimensions and contractility indices were higher, artifacts were significantly differentiated, previously unsuspected LAA filling defects were identified, and the level of confidence in excluding thrombus was enhanced in the contrast images when compared to the noncontrast images. After 4 months follow-up, 1 stroke-associated death occurred in a patient who had LAA thrombus recognized only by contrast. Left atrial appendage visualization is enhanced with microbubble contrast agent use during transesophageal echocardiography guided cardioversion and is useful in identification of intracardiac thrombus.",
"http://www.controlled-trials.com/isrctn/. Unique identifier: ISRCTN97412358.",
"CT-guided interstitial brachytherapy proved to be safe and effective for the treatment of primary and secondary lung malignancies.",
"Analysis and statistical processing of data shows that during the study period 56 patients which received oral anticoagulant therapy associated with different other medication belonged to the 60 and 80 years age group. This finding suggests that the pathology is represented especially by atrial fibrillation and myocardial infarction. The correlation between the therapy consisting in OAC and sartan or nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and International Normalized Ratio (INR), revealed a high level of anticoagulation and an increase in hemorragic complications.",
"Lipid-lowering therapy (LLT) decreases mortality in select patient populations. LLT has also been shown to have antiarrhythmic effects, thus favorably influencing the incidence and recurrence of atrial fibrillation (AF). However, data are lacking regarding the effect of LLT on mortality in patients with AF. The Atrial Fibrillation Follow-up Investigation of Rhythm Management (AFFIRM) study was the one of the largest multicenter trials comprising of 4,060 patients with AF at high risk for stroke and death. This is a post hoc analysis of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute limited-access dataset of AFFIRM patients who were on LLT at the time of randomization (n = 913). The control group consisted of AFFIRM patients who were not on LLT (n = 3,147). Cox proportional hazards analysis was performed controlling for baseline differences. The end point was all-cause mortality, cardiovascular mortality, and ischemic stroke. A separate analysis was carried out for the combined end point of death, ventricular tachycardia, ventricular fibrillation, cardiac arrest, ischemic stroke, major bleeding, systemic embolism, pulmonary embolism, and myocardial infarction. Patients on LLT were younger and on more cardioactive medications but also had more cardiovascular morbidities. On multivariate analysis, LLT use was associated with lower all-cause mortality (hazard ratio [HR] 0.77, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.62 to 0.95, p = 0.01), cardiovascular mortality (HR 0.71, 95% CI 0.53 to 0.95, p = 0.02), ischemic stroke (HR 0.56, 95% CI 0.36 to 0.89, p = 0.01), and combined end point (HR 0.81, 95% CI 0.69 to 0.96, p = 0.01). In conclusion, a decrease in mortality and adverse cardiovascular events was observed using LLT in AF.",
"null",
"There were significant changes in measured biomarkers related to LV remodeling, stress, and fibrosis following MI between 0 and 12 month. Establishing infarct vessel patency utilizing stenting 24 hours-28 days post MI did not however influence the biomarkers' release.",
"Tuberculosis developed in 22 (6.4%) of 344 subjects in the 6EH arm and 13 (3.8%) of 339 subjects in the 36H arm with incidence rates of 2.4/100 py (95%CI- 1.4-3.5) and 1.6/100 py (95% CI-0.8-3.0) with an adjusted rate ratio (aIRR) of 1.6 (0.8-3.2). Among TST-positive subjects, the aIRR of 6EH was 1.7 (0.6-4.3) compared to 36H, p = 0.8. All-cause mortality and toxicity were similar in the two arms. Among 15 patients with confirmed TB, 4 isolates were resistant to isoniazid and 2 were multidrug-resistant.",
"Feeding dysfunction is common in children with single ventricle defects, occurring in 50% of our cohort. Feeding dysfunction is associated with worse growth measures. Current gastrostomy tube use and a single parent household were identified as independent risk factors for feeding dysfunction.",
"Compared with existing implementation research, SOS trial has more participants, a detailed description of baseline characteristics and over 90% power (at 5% significance) to detect a difference of 12% in the proportion of patients with controlled cholesterol after SOS.",
"Renal transplantation with alemtuzumab induction followed by tacrolimus monotherapy leads to good graft and patient outcomes, with no major differences detected compared with basiliximab induction and tacrolimus/MMF maintenance at 1 year.",
"The IOP-lowering efficacies of bimatoprost and timolol-dorzolamide combination were similar over a 6-month follow-up. Both bimatoprost and the timolol-dorzolamide combination were well tolerated. Bimatoprost can be used as a longterm monotherapy agent in the treatment of POAG and ocular hypertension.",
"A transumbilical approach for laparo-endoscopic single-site adrenalectomy is safe and feasible, and it results in superior cosmesis. Improvements in surgical devices might facilitate further development of this approach.",
"This study indicates that the intraocular pressures are lowered to a statistically similar amount with DTFC compared to bimatoprost in open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertensive patients.",
"Addition of GP ablation to PVI confers a significantly higher success rate compared with either PVI or GP alone in patients with PAF.",
"Prostaglandin-associated periorbitopathy is as common as other adverse effects when careful examinations are performed and is more frequent and more severe in bimatoprost users. The loss of the periorbital fat pad is the first sign to occur during the evolution of prostaglandin-associated periorbitopathy, especially in older patients.",
"We examined the effects of regular bedside testing of pulmonary mechanics (PM) on the outcome of 468 acutely ill, mechanically ventilated neonates. During the first of two 18-month study periods, 217 infants were mechanically ventilated without the assistance of PM measurements. During the second 18-month period, 251 infants were ventilated with the assistance of at least daily PM measurements. Using data obtained from the PM tests, we adjusted the infants' ventilators to maintain tidal volume, inspiratory time, and pressure-volume loops within predetermined limits. With the exception of the PM measurements, given the limitations of retrospective analyses, both groups of infants received identical medical and nursing care. The infants ventilated with the assistance of PM testing developed fewer pneumothoraces (4.0%; 10/251) vs. no PM testing, 10.1% (22/217); P < 0.05 by Chi-square analysis]. Infants weighing less than 1,500 g ventilated with the assistance of PM measurements had less intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH) overall, most notably, less grades I and II IVH (total IVH-PM testing, 39.1% vs. no PM testing, 65.7%; P < 0.01; Grades I-II IVH-PM testing, 30.4% vs. no PM testing, 54.9%; P < 0.01). IVH incidence was decreased independent of pneumothorax occurrence. Survival rates, incidences of bronchopulmonary dysplasia, and durations of mechanical ventilation and hospitalization were similar. This retrospective analysis suggests that PM testing during infant mechanical ventilation reduces common acute ventilator-associated complications.",
"Ardian LLC/Medtronic Inc.",
"In central China, Plasmodium vivax accounts for all of the native reported cases of malaria. Chloroquine (CQ) plus primaquine (PQ) have been used for more than 60 years as the frontline drugs, but the risk of treatment failure remains unknown. To measure the effectiveness and safety of CQ-PQ among vivax malaria patients, a total of 39 subjects with monoinfection vivax malaria was enrolled in a study from 2008 to 2009. There were no recrudescence or danger signs observed within the 28-day follow-up period, showing that blood stage of P. vivax isolates from central China is still susceptible to CQ plus PQ combination therapy. However, the antirelapse efficacy of PQ is difficult to assess because of the high rate of loss to follow-up after 28 days; also, parasites persisted in a single case at 3 days post-antimalarial drug treatment, indicating that continuous annual monitoring is needed in central China.",
"Significantly larger reductions in migraine activity and migraine-related disability were observed in participants with a mood and/or anxiety disorder diagnosis than in participants who did not receive either diagnosis.",
"Migraine is the most common headache diagnosis in neurological services in Asia. The prevalence of migraine was higher in countries with higher referral rates of patients to neurological services. Migraine remains underdiagnosed and under-treated in this region even though a high disability was found in patients with migraine. Probable migraine was adopted into the migraine diagnostic spectrum by neurologists in this study.",
"Malaria is still one of the major public health threats in sub-Saharan Africa. An effective vaccine could be a sustainable control measure that can be integrated into existing health infrastructures. The malaria vaccine candidate GMZ2 is a recombinant fusion protein of conserved parts of Plasmodium falciparum Glutamate Rich Protein and Merozoite Surface Protein 3 adjuvanted with aluminium hydroxide. GMZ2 is immunogenic and well tolerated in malaria-naive adults from Germany. To assess safety and immunogenicity in malaria-exposed individuals, 40 adults from Lambaréné, Gabon were randomly assigned to receive either 100 μg GMZ2 or a rabies control vaccine three times in monthly intervals. Both vaccines were well tolerated. One month after a full course of vaccination, GMZ2-vaccinated individuals had 1.4-fold (95% confidence interval: [1.1, 1.7]) higher baseline-corrected anti-GMZ2 antibody levels and more GMZ2-specific memory B-cells compared to the rabies group (p=0.039), despite a high prevalence of GMZ2-specific immune reactivity due to previous intense exposure to P. falciparum.",
"A fixed-dose combination tablet containing sumatriptan and naproxen sodium significantly improved patient satisfaction, productivity, and restoration of normal functioning in menstrual migraineurs with dysmenorrhea.",
"A group of 235 patients were treated between 1981 and 1993 for primary spontaneous pneumothorax. Immediate recovery was obtained in 150 (75%) out of 8 in whom drainage had been applied, and in a total of 79 who had been operated. Fifty of the remaining 52 patients with the first episode of pneumothorax, had repeated paracentesis with no complete lung expansion prior to operation, and 2 were referred to pleural cavity drainage. Three out of 79 operated patients, required re-thoracotomy (2 on the second day, and 1 on the eighth day following operation) because of hemothorax. In 3 patients an infection developed, thereupon a prolonged drainage of pleural cavity was used with good result.",
"With the launch of the fixed combination of travoprost 0.004%/timolol 0.5% (trav/tim) in Germany in May 2006, a noninterventional observational study designed as an open-label, multicenter, 6-week trial was initiated in order to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of this new drug combination in glaucoma patients. Participants were grouped into categories according to previous drug regimens: those on timolol monotherapy; those on prostaglandin analog (PGA) monotherapy; those on concomitant therapy with a PGA and timolol; and those on fixed combinations. Trav/tim was well accepted by the patients, with 87.9% judging the tolerability of the therapy as good, very good, or excellent. Analysis of intraocular pressure (IOP) measurements showed statistically significant IOP decreases in all four categories examined in our study after regimen substitution with fixed-combination trav/tim. Fixed-combination prostaglandin analog/beta-blocker formulations are an attractive therapeutic option due to their strong IOP-lowering efficacy with once-daily dosing. In this study, glaucoma patients who underwent a regimen modification to fixed-combination trav/tim showed further reductions in IOP, irrespective of which selected monoor multiple therapies had been used previously.",
"Air leaks after lung resection occur in most patients. The application of this novel surgical sealant appears to be effective and safe in preventing postoperative air leaks.",
"Carvedilol plus NAC decreased POAF incidence and duration of hospitalization compared with metoprolol and decreased POAF incidence compared with carvedilol.",
"Previously, we demonstrated that there is an increased utilization of glutamine by intact sickle red blood cells (RBC) in conjunction with nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) metabolism in vitro. In this report, we describe the in vivo effect of L-glutamine supplementation on total NAD, nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide reduced (NADH), and NAD redox potential of sickle RBC. Seven adult sickle cell anemia patients participated in this study. The exclusion criteria were pregnancy, previous or current use of hydroxyurea, and transfusion within 3 months of initiation of the study. After proper consent, L-glutamine was started at a dose of 30 g/day administered orally. Fasting blood samples were drawn at baseline and after 4 weeks of therapy by routine phlebotomy for evaluation of RBC total NAD and NADH levels. We found significant changes in both the NADH level and NAD redox potential (ratio of NADH to NAD+ + NADH). NAD redox potential increased from 47.2 +/- 3.7% to 62.1 +/- 11.8% (P < 0.01). The NADH level increased from 47.5 +/- 6.3 to 72.1 +/- 15.1 nmol/ml RBC (P < 0.01). The total NAD level demonstrated an upward trend (from 101.2 +/- 16 to 116.4 +/- 14.7 nmol/ml RBC) but this was not statistically significant. Our data show that oral L-glutamine can significantly increase the NAD redox potential and NADH level in sickle RBC. These changes may decrease oxidative susceptibility of sickle RBC and result in clinical benefit.",
"Adenosine A2A receptor (A2AR) agonists reduce invariant natural killer T (iNKT) cell activation and decrease inflammation in sickle cell disease (SCD) mice. We conducted a phase 1 trial of the A2AR agonist regadenoson in adults with SCD. The target dose was 1.44 μg/kg/h. iNKT cell activation was evaluated using antibodies targeting the p65 subunit of nuclear factor-κB (phospho-NF-κB p65), interferon-γ (IFN-γ), and A2AR. Regadenoson was administered to 27 adults with SCD. We examined 21 patients at steady state and 6 during painful vaso-occlusive crises (pVOC). iNKT cell activation was also measured in 14 African-American controls. During pVOC, the fraction of iNKT cells demonstrating increased phospho-NF-κB p65 and A2AR expression was significantly higher compared with controls (P < .01) and steady-state patients (P < .05). IFN-γ expression was also significantly higher compared with controls (P = .02). After a 24-hour infusion of regadenoson during pVOC, phospho-NF-κB p65 activation in iNKT cells decreased compared to baseline by a median of 48% (P = .03) to levels similar to controls and steady-state SCD. No toxicities were identified. Infusional regadenoson administered to adults with SCD at 1.44 μg/kg/h during pVOC decreases activation of iNKT cells without toxicity.",
"IRM follow-up is significantly inferior to CM. IRM strategies will not identify AF recurrence in a great proportion of patients at risk. Temporal AF characteristics play a significant role in AF recurrence detection with the use of IRM. For the scientific, evidence-based evaluation of AF treatments, CM should be strongly recommended. Prospective studies are required to evaluate whether CM to guide clinical management can also improve patient outcomes.",
"HLA-matched related donor (MRD) hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (HSCT) is a well-established therapy for patients with sickle cell disease (SCD); however, experience using alternative donors, including haploidentical donors, in HSCT for SCD is limited. We report the long-term outcomes of 22 pediatric patients who underwent related donor HSCT for SCD at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital, either a myeloablative sibling MRD HSCT (n = 14) or reduced-intensity parental haploidentical donor HSCT (n = 8). The median patient age was 11.0 ± 3.9 years in the MRD graft recipients and 9.0 ± 5.0 years in the haploidentical donor graft recipients. The median follow-up was 9.0 ± 2.3 years, with an overall survival (OS) of 93% and a recurrence/graft failure rate of 0%, for the MRD cohort and 7.4 ± 2.4 years, with an OS of 75%, disease-free survival of 38%, and disease recurrence of 38%, for the haploidentical donor cohort. We report the long-term hematologic response and organ function in patients undergoing MRD or haploidentical donor HSCT for severe SCD. Our data demonstrate long-term hematologic improvements after HSCT with sustained engraftment, and confirm that HSCT offers long-term protection from common complications of SCD, including stroke, pulmonary hypertension, acute chest, and nephropathy, regardless of donor source.",
"Both brain natriuretic peptide and prostaglandin E1 can effectively reduce pulmonary hypertension; however, natriuretic peptide has a slower and milder efficacy. The effects of these 2 drugs in reducing the pulmonary arterial pressure may be mediated through different pathways.",
"CLI is associated with BM microvascular and neuropathic changes, both in patients with and without diabetes mellitus.",
"Anticoagulation has been shown to decrease ischemic stroke in atrial fibrillation (AF). However, concerns remain regarding their safety and efficacy in those ≥70 years of age who constitute most patients with AF. Of the 4,060 patients (mean age 65 years, range 49 to 80) in the Atrial Fibrillation Follow-up Investigation of Rhythm Management (AFFIRM) trial, 2,248 (55% of 4,060) were 70 to 80 years of age, 1,901 of whom were receiving warfarin. Propensity score for warfarin use, estimated for each of the 2,248 patients, was used to match 227 of the 347 patients not on warfarin (in 1:1, 1:2, or 1:3 sets) to 616 patients on warfarin who were balanced in 45 baseline characteristics. All-cause mortality occurred in 18% and 33% of matched patients receiving and not receiving warfarin, respectively, during up to 6 years (mean 3.4) of follow-up (hazard ratio [HR] when warfarin use was compared to its nonuse 0.58, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.43 to 0.77, p <0.001). All-cause hospitalization occurred in 64% and 67% of matched patients receiving and not receiving warfarin, respectively (HR associated with warfarin use 0.93, 95% CI 0.77 to 1.12, p = 0.423). Ischemic stroke occurred in 4% and 8% of matched patients receiving and not receiving warfarin, respectively (HR associated with warfarin use 0.57, 95% CI 0.31 to 1.04, p = 0.068). Major bleeding occurred in 7% and 10% of matched patients receiving and not receiving warfarin, respectively (HR associated with warfarin use 0.73, 95% CI 0.44 to 1.22, p = 0.229). In conclusion, warfarin use was associated with decreased mortality in septuagenarian patients with AF but had no association with hospitalization or major bleeding.",
"The use of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa receptor inhibitors (GPIs) in high-risk patients with acute coronary syndromes has been associated with reductions in ischemic events but increases in bleeding complications. The role of GPIs in patients who undergo primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) by the transradial approach (TRA) is not well studied. The aim of this post hoc analysis from the randomized prospective Acute Myocardial Infarction Treated With Primary Angioplasty and Intravenous Enoxaparin or Unfractionated Heparin to Lower Ischemic and Bleeding Events at Short- and Long-Term Follow-Up (ATOLL) trial was to assess the safety and efficacy of GPIs in primary PCI performed using the TRA. A total of 910 patients were enrolled in ATOLL; 522 patients (67%) underwent PCI using the TRA. Two comparative analyses were performed. First, patients who underwent PCI using the TRA who received GPIs were compared with those who did not receive GPIs. Second, patients who underwent PCI using the TRA who received GPIs were compared with those who underwent PCI using a nonradial route and received GPIs. Composite end points of net clinical benefit, ischemic outcomes, and safety consisting of bleeding and transfusion at 1 month were analyzed. A propensity score was constructed, and weight adjustment were made for variables, including but not limited to age, weight, gender, renal function, concomitant use of other medications, Killip class, and medical history, when analyzing the end points. There was no significant difference in net clinical benefit or ischemic outcomes between either TRA patients with versus without GPIs or TRA patients with GPIs versus non-TRA patients with GPIs. Additionally, there were significantly fewer major bleeding events and blood transfusions in TRA patients with GPIs compared with non-TRA patients with GPIs. In conclusion, the addition of GPIs in the setting of primary PCI using the TRA was not associated with bleeding liability. The use of GPIs with TRA was associated with safer outcomes than using GPIs with a nontransradial approach. This study was limited in that it was a nonrandomized retrospective analysis.",
"Proprietary or commercial disclosure may be found after the references.",
"Immunoxel (Dzherelo) is a water-alcohol extract of medicinal plants used in Ukraine as an adjunct immunotherapy to TB and HIV therapy. Four types of solid sublingual formulations of Immunoxel were made: sugar dragées, sugar-coated pills, gelatin pastilles and dried-honey lozenges. They were administered once-daily along with TB drugs. After 1 month, 84.1% of TB patients became sputum-negative with rates in individual groups of 89.5, 70, 76.9 and 100%, respectively. The conversion rate was independent of bodyweight, age, gender, differences in chemotherapy regimens or whether subjects had newly diagnosed TB, re-treated TB, multidrug-resistant TB or TB with HIV coinfection. Patients experienced earlier clinical improvement, faster defervescence, weight gain, a higher hemoglobin content and reduced inflammation as evidenced by lower leukocyte counts and erythrocyte sedimentation rate. By contrast, in the placebo group, only 19% of patients had converted. These findings imply that mucosal delivery of solid Immunoxel is equivalent to the original liquid formula given per os twice-daily for 2-4 months.",
"In this cohort, ivabradine significantly improved symptoms associated with inappropriate sinus tachycardia and completely eliminated them in approximately half of the patients. These findings suggest that ivabradine may be an important agent for improving symptoms in patients with inappropriate sinus tachycardia.",
"Improving medications persistence could interrupt this vicious circle and may improve outcomes.",
"In the last years, the hypothesis that cortical hyperexcitability may play a role in the physiopathology of migraine led to the therapeutic use of some antiepileptic drugs. To evaluate the efficacy of levetiracetam as prophylactic treatment for migraine without aura in elderly patients. We performed a small open-label trial treating 13 elderly patients(8F 5M) mean age 64.7 years (SD 3.4), range 60-72 years affected by migraine without aura (ICDH '04 criteria). The mean age of disease was 21.3 years (SD13.4) range 2-45 years. At baseline: the frequency of attacks was 12.2/month (SD 5.9), range 6-25; the mean number of drugs for acute attacks was 12.6 (SD 6.5) tablets/month. All patients took concomitant medication for other chronic diseases. After recruitment Levetiracetam 500 mg/die was administered for 1 week and 1000 mg/die for six months. The basal frequency of attack was 12,2 (SD 5.9) and 8,3 (SD 4.9), 4,1 (SD2.6), 1,3 (SD1.4) after 1, 3 and 6 months respectively [P=0.079; P<0.0001; P<0.0001].The basal value of intaking drugs for acute attacks was 12,6 (SD 6.5) and 6,7 (SD 4.3), 2,8 (SD 2.2), 1,4 (SD1.7) after 1, 3 and six months respectively [P=0.012; P<0.0001; P<0.0001](T-test analysis). Levetiracetam was well tolerated (7 patients complained somnolence, lack of concentration and gastralgia but none patient withdrew the study). In our study levetiracetam showed a good efficacy in frequency and intensity reduction of headache attack and showed a very good tolerability despite all elderly patients took drugs for concomitant diseases.",
"This study supports that a low pretransplant Mg level is an independent risk factor of NODAT in kidney transplant recipients.",
"Long-lasting insecticidal nets (LLINs) have been advocated as an effective tool against malaria transmission. However, success of this community based intervention largely depends on the knowledge and practice regarding malaria and its prevention. According to the national strategy plan on evaluation of LLINs (Olyset nets), this study was conducted to determine the perceptions and practices about malaria and to improve use of LLINs in Bashagard district, one of the important foci of malaria in southeast Iran. The study area comprised 14 villages that were randomized in two clusters and designated as LLINs and untreated nets. Each of households in both clusters received two bed nets by the free distribution and delivery. After one month quantitative data collection method was used to collect information regarding the objectives of the study. On the basis of this information, an educational program was carried out in both areas to increase motivation for use of bed nets. Community knowledge and practice regarding malaria and LLIN use assessed pre- and post-educational program. The data were analyzed using SPSS ver.16 software. At baseline, 77.5% of respondents in intervention and 69.4 % in control area mentioned mosquito bite as the cause of malaria, this awareness increased significantly in intervention (90.3%) and control areas (87.9%), following the educational program. A significant increase also was seen in the proportion of households who used LLINs the previous night (92.5%) compared with untreated nets (87.1%). Educational status was an important predictor of LLINs use. Regular use of LLIN was considerably higher than the targeted coverage (80%) which recommended by World Heaths Organization. About 81.1% and 85.3% of respondents from LLIN and control areas reported that mosquito nuisance and subsequent malaria transmission were the main determinants of bed net use. These findings highlight a need for educational intervention in implementation of long-lasting insecticidal nets; this should be considered in planning and decision-making in the national malaria control program during the next campaigns of LLINs in Iran.",
"Intravitreal bevacizumab, as adjunctive treatment to the standard retinal ablative procedure, seems promising for the management of conditions responsible of retinal ischaemia/hypoxia associated with NVG.",
"Routine measurement of FFR in daily practice appeared to be associated with less use of stents and an improvement in clinical outcomes.",
"Octogenarians undergoing surgical AVR after prior cardiac surgery have similar immediate postoperative outcome as younger patients, and their 5-year outcome is excellent. These data suggest that indications to undergo transcatheter AVR should not rely only on coexistence of advanced age and history of prior cardiac surgery.",
"Since the second edition of the International classification of headache disorders (ICDH-II 2004), chronic migraine has been listed amongst migraine complications. Compared to episodic migraine the prevalence of chronic migraine is low, its impact, however, significant. Until recently no prophylactic drug had been approved for chronic migraine prophylaxis. After case reports had stated an effect of botulinum toxin type A on migraine, several randomized placebo-controlled studies were conducted in episodic headache; the results, however, were disappointing. Only when botulinum toxin type A was used in chronic migraine in the PREEMPT (phase 3 research evaluating migraine prophylaxis therapy) trials, its superiority compared to placebo was established. Thus, for the first time a prophylactic drug against chronic migraine is available which is both effective and well tolerated. Botox® has been licensed in England for the prophylaxis of headaches in adults with chronic migraine in 2010. Approval for its use in Germany has been applied for.",
"Early beta-blocker use is common in patients presenting with ST-elevation myocardial infarction, with oral administration being the most prevalent. Oral beta-blockers were associated with a decrease in the risk of cardiogenic shock, ventricular arrhythmias, and acute heart failure. However, the early receipt of any form of beta-blockers was associated with an increase in hospital mortality.",
"Among patients with type 2 diabetes and recent ACS, use of aleglitazar did not reduce the risk of cardiovascular outcomes. These findings do not support the use of aleglitazar in this setting with a goal of reducing cardiovascular risk.",
"The study was underpowered due to enrollment difficulties and did not demonstrate a significant efficacy difference between telcagepant and placebo for the treatment of a migraine attack in patients with stable coronary artery disease. Telcagepant was generally well tolerated for acute intermittent migraine treatment in these patients.",
"A healthy diet and plant sterols (PS) are recommended for reducing low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol and, subsequently, the risk of premature cardiovascular disease. PS mediate a decrease in fat-soluble vitamin concentration, which can lead to a general impairment of antioxidative defenses and an increase in oxidative stress. Thus, we evaluated the effects of a healthy diet, including PS-enriched low-fat milk, on cardiovascular risk and oxidative stress parameters in hypercholesterolemic subjects. This was a randomized parallel trial employing 40 subjects and consisting of two 3-month intervention phases. After 3 months on a standard healthy diet, subjects were divided into two intervention groups: a diet group and a diet+PS group (2 g/day). Lipid profile, apolipoproteins, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and oxidative stress parameters were analyzed. Diet significantly reduced total and LDL cholesterol (4.0% and 4.7%, respectively), produced an increase in the level of beta-carotene (23%) and improved the antioxidant capacity of LDL cholesterol particles (4.6%). PS induced a significant decrease in total cholesterol (6.4%), LDL (9.9%) and the apolipoprotein B100/apolipoprotein A1 ratio (4.9%), but led to a decrease in cryptoxanthin level (29%) without any change being observed in the antioxidant capacity of LDL cholesterol particles, total antioxidant status or lipid peroxidation. After 3 months, we observed the positive effect of including a PS supplement in dietary measures, as the lipoprotein-mediated risk of cardiovascular disease was reduced. Despite a decrease in the concentration of cryptoxanthin, no evidence of a global impairment of antioxidative defenses or an enhancement of oxidative stress parameters was found.",
"The genetic bases of the highly variable degrees of anaemia and haemolysis in persons with Hb SS are not fully known, but several studies have indicated that G6PD deficiency is not a factor. The G6PD(202A) and G6PD(376G) alleles and alpha-thalassaemia were determined by molecular genetic testing in 261 children and adolescents with Hb SS in a multicentre study. G6PD(202A,376G) (G6PD A-) was defined as hemizygosity for both alleles in males and homozygosity in females. Among the participants 41% were receiving hydroxycarbamide. The prevalence of G6PD(202A,376G) was 13.6% in males and 3.3% in females with an overall prevalence of 8.7%. G6PD(202A,376G) was associated with a 10 g/l decrease in haemoglobin concentration (P = 0.008) but not with increased haemolysis as measured by lactate dehydrogenase, bilirubin, aspartate-aminotransferase, reticulocyte count or a haemolytic component derived from these markers (P > 0.09). Similar results were found within a sub-group of children who were not receiving hydroxycarbamide. By comparison, single and double alpha-globin deletions were associated with progressively higher haemoglobin concentrations (P = 0.005 for trend), progressively lower values for haemolytic component (P = 0.007), and increased severe pain episodes (P < 0.001). In conclusion, G6PD(202A,376G) may be associated with lower haemoglobin concentration in sickle cell anaemia by a mechanism other than increased haemolysis.",
"The present study showed that the new FS is safe and effective in preventing AALs after lung resections and in shortening the duration of postoperative AALs.",
"Lymph node tuberculosis (LNTB) is the most frequent form of extra-pulmonary tuberculosis (TB). Randomised, controlled trials have convincingly demonstrated that 6 months of chemotherapy is sufficient for most drug-susceptible LNTB. We performed a retrospective, multicentric study from 1997 to 2010 to describe factors associated with prolonged anti-tuberculosis treatment in patients with LNTB. Of 126 patients diagnosed with LNTB, 22 (17.5%) were human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infected. The median treatment duration was 9 months (interquartile range, 6-12). Treatment was significantly longer in patients with HIV (P < 0.01), additional sites of TB (P < 0.01) or weight loss (P = 0.04). Factors independently associated with excessively lengthy treatment were HIV co-infection and the presence of other TB foci.",
"There is a high prevalence of mutations in the major LQTS genes in women with TS and prolonged QTc. It remains to be settled, whether these findings are related to the unexplained excess mortality in Turner women.",
"One novel finding of this study is the association between concomitant respiratory tract infection and negative sputum AFB, particularly in Cambodia. This finding suggests that repeating AFB testing in AFB-negative patients should be conducted when broad spectrum antibiotic treatment does not lead to complete recovery from respiratory symptoms. In HIV-infected patients with a CD4 cell count below 50/mm3 without an identified cause of pneumonia, systematic AFB direct sputum examination is justified because of atypical clinical features (without cavitation) and high pulmonary mycobacterial burden.",
"The prospective, objective, statistically significant finding of a large, long-term diminution of diabetic foot ulcer recurrence risk after operative nerve decompression compares very favorably with the historical literature and the contralateral legs of this cohort, which had no decompression. This finding invites prospective randomized controlled studies for validation testing and reconsideration of the frequency and contribution of unrecognized nerve entrapments in diabetic sensorimotor polyneuropathy and diabetic foot complications.",
"null",
"The pre and intraoperative use of calcium channel blockers (CCB) has been suggested for the management of either eutopic or ectopic pheochromocytomas. We report our experience of 70 pheochromocytomas, operated between 1988 and 1996 and managed with CCB, especially nicardipine. 59 were hypertensive (84.2%). Preparation consisted of nicardipine in 61 patients or another CCB in 9 cases with duration ranging from 24 hours to several weeks depending on plasma volume and blood pressure control. Intraoperatively, nicardipine infusion was started after intubation, adjusted according to systolic blood pressure (SBP) and stopped before ligation of the tumor venous drainage. Increases in SBP greater than 200 mmHg were observed in 10 patients and were effectively controlled by nicardipine in all cases. In 16 patients, the S > BP remained less than 150 mmHg throughout anesthesia. Heart rate greater than 100 b p m occureed in 51 patients and was easily controlled with esmolol whenever used (n = 27). Arythmias were unfrequent (n = 4) and required treatment in only one case. This study confirms the ability to adequately manage pheochromocytomas with the use of nicardipine as sole vasodilating agent.",
"Repeated interpleural bolus injections of 20 ml 0.5% bupivacaine-epinephrine at 8-hour intervals are safe regarding plasma concentrations of bupivacaine. Small but statistically significant hemodynamic changes can be noticed, probably the result of beta- adrenergic stimulation by epinephrine.",
"No significant difference in efficacy and safety was found between the two groups at a mean of 19.2 months of follow up. Deep scleral application of MMC, however, seems to produce significantly smaller intrascleral blebs.",
"Approximately 466,000 West Virginians, or about 25 percent of the state population, have prediabetes and are at high risk for developing type 2 diabetes. Appropriate lifestyle intervention can prevent or delay the onset of type 2 diabetes if individuals at risk are identified and treated early. The West Virginia Diabetes Prevention and Control Program and the West Virginia University Office of Health Services Research are developing a systematic approach to diabetes prevention within primary care. This study aims to demonstrate the viability of patient registry software for the analysis of disparate electronic health record (EHR) data sets and standardized identification of at-risk patients for early detection and intervention. Preliminary analysis revealed that of 94,283 patients without a documented diagnosis of diabetes or prediabetes, 10,673 (11.3 percent) meet one or more of the risk criteria. This study indicates that EHR data can be repurposed into an actionable registry for prevention. This model supports meaningful use of EHRs, the Patient-Centered Medical Home program, and improved care through enhanced data management.",
"D-dimer levels below 0.5 μg/mL is not enough to rule out LA thrombus in AF patients with well-controlled anticoagulation.",
"In the dialysis population, reversion and conversion occur frequently within six months. The QFT-GIT positive population is heterogeneous and sub-populations have different reversion rates. Higher QFT-GIT positivity threshold can identify patients with persistent QFT-GIT positivity to prioritize follow-up and LTBI therapy.",
"It has been demonstrated that alterations of adipocytokines can alter immune status in type 2 diabetes. The present study investigated changes of adipocytokine plasma concentrations and cellular immune status in overweight men, suffering from non-insulin dependent type 2 diabetes (n=14, age 61.0±8.7 years, BMI 31.1±3.5 kg/cm2). Subjects underwent a 3 months endurance exercise intervention (twice per week for up to 45 min) cycling at a heart rate corresponding to a 2 mmol/l lactate threshold. Before and after the intervention testing for adipocytokines (leptin, adiponectin, resistin) and cellular immune status (including T memory-cells and regulative T-cells) was performed by RIA and FACS accordingly.The exercise intervention improved anthropometric and metabolic parameters of all subjects. We observed a significant decline for resistin and for the CD19+ B-cells. The CD4+CD25+CD127low Treg-cells decreased, however not statistically significant. All other parameters remained unchanged.In conclusion, even though only training twice a week, the exercise affected parts of the cellular immune system as well as resistin levels in men suffering from non-insulin dependent type 2 diabetes.",
"The consistent use of evidence-based pharmacotherapy 6 and 12 months after myocardial infarction was adequate. Three out of four patients were still on recommended SP medication after 1 year of follow-up. Two-thirds of medication discontinuations were initiated by GPs, predominantly because of side effects.",
"The purpose of this study was to determine management guidelines for biopsy-induced pneumothorax with the assistance of manual aspiration, mainly based on the duration of complicated pneumothorax. Data from 388 consecutive percutaneous needle lung biopsies were examined. Patients with pneumothorax on postbiopsy chest CT images underwent percutaneous manual aspiration with an 18-G i.v. catheter. Frequency and management of biopsy-induced pneumothorax and period to its disappearance were reviewed. Postbiopsy pneumothorax occurred in 133 of 388 (34.3%) procedures. Manual aspiration in 72 of these 133 patients was carried out immediately after biopsy. The pneumothorax had resolved completely on follow-up chest radiographs without chest tube placement in 121 of the 133 pneumothoraces (91.0%). In cases requiring chest tube, the mean period from biopsy until resolution of the pneumothorax was 6.0 +/- 5.3 days, but was only 2.4 +/- 2.9 days when chest tube placement was not needed. Specifically, time until recovery was short both in those not requiring manual aspiration (2.1 +/- 3.4 days) and in those with a pneumothorax that disappeared completely or almost completely after manual aspiration (1.9 +/- 2.0 days). The almost equally short recovery periods in patients not requiring manual aspiration and those requiring immediate manual aspiration indicates the value of rapid management.",
"Previous studies investigating prehospital use of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors (GPIs) in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction reached conflicting conclusions. The benefit of this strategy in addition to in-ambulance loading of dual-antiplatelet therapy remains controversial. The aim of this study was to analyze data from a prospective registry of patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarctions admitted <24 hours after symptom onset (July 2006 to May 2012). A total of 2,052 patients managed in a physician-staffed mobile intensive care unit (MICU)<12 hours after symptom onset and scheduled for primary percutaneous coronary intervention (PPCI) were retrospectively included. Patients who received GPIs in the MICU were compared with those who did not. The primary end point was infarct-related artery patency, defined as pre-PPCI Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) flow grade 3. GPIs were administered in the MICU to 737 patients (36%), including 430<2 hours after symptom onset, and 1,315 patients (64%) did not received prehospital GPIs. Pre-PPCI TIMI flow grade 3 rate was lower in patients treated in the MICU (17.2% vs 21.3%, p=0.03) because of patients treated >2 hours after symptom onset, of whom only 12.7% reached the primary end point. There was no significant difference between groups in the rate of in-hospital major adverse cardiac events. In conclusion, prehospital GPI use in patients with ST-segment elevation myocardial infarctions<12 hours after symptom onset scheduled for PPCI neither improved pre-PPCI infarct-related artery patency nor reduced in-hospital major adverse cardiac events.",
"Quinidine appears to suppress the induction of VF by increasing RVOT MAP duration and decreasing the maximum slope of the restitution curve.",
"Oral, controlled-release morphine is a reliable, non-invasive alternative to continuous intravenous morphine for the management of painful episodes of sickle-cell disease in children.",
"The effectiveness of tangential fluoroscopic guidance of the anesthetizing needle to avoid transgression of the pleura and therefore lower pneumothorax and chest tube insertion rates after transthoracic needle lung biopsy (TNB) was investigated. Tangential guidance was used in 41 patients (group A) and was not used in 51 (group B). The pneumothorax rate was 39% (16 of 41) for group A and 31% (16 of 51) for group B. The chest tube insertion rate was 12% (five of 41) for group A and 4% (two of 51) for group B. None of the differences in rates were significant. Use of this technique does not lower pneumothorax or chest tube insertion rates in patients undergoing TNB.",
"This study showed that majority of patients had no symptoms and/or negative results of smear examination with acid-fast staining. It is crucial to consider these facts when a diagnostic test of pNTM is performed.",
"The Ministry of Health recommended in Benin, since 2004, artemisinin-based combination, artemether-lumtefantrine (Coartem®), therapy for the treatment of uncomplicated malaria. To resolve the difficulties related to observance, we are interested in a new combination, artemisinin-naphthoquine (Arco®). A study was conducted to assess and compare the efficacy and tolerability of the fixed combination artemisinin (125 mg)-naphthoquine (50 mg), a single-dose drug, administered one day versus artemether (20 mg)-lumefantrine (120 mg).The clinical assessment was a single-blinded, two-arm, randomized trial comparing Arco® combination as a single-dose regimen and three-day regimen of Coartem® for the treatment of uncomplicated falciparum malaria, from july to october 2008 and may to september 2009, with 28 days of follow-up in children. PCR genotyping was used to classify re-infection or recrudescence. The primary outcome measures for efficacy were cure rates on days 3, 7, 14, 21 and 28. Secondary outcomes included parasite clearance time and fever clearance time. The main outcome measures for safety were incidences of post-treatment clinical and laboratory adverse events. A total of 174 patients (84 in Arco® group and 90 in Coartem® group) were evaluated for clinical and parasitological outcomes. The cure rate was 98.8% for Arco® and 100% for Coartem® on day 28, with no statistically significant difference. Fever clearance was obtained within 24 hours in both groups. The parasite clearance is obtained at 48 hours in Arco® group and at 60 hours in Coartem® group. Both treatments were well tolerated without major side effects. This study therefore concluded that the combination of artemisinin-naphthoquine is as effective and well tolerated as the combination artemether-lumefantrine in the treatment of uncomplicated malaria in Benin children. This medication administered in single dose is therapy of choice to reduce compliance problems during malaria treatment and also to facilitate community-based care of malaria.",
"Two case reports are presented of patients who underwent surgical removal of phaeochromocytoma at Goroka Base Hospital, one with the use of thoracic epidural blockade supplemented with light general anaesthesia. This patient had a much smoother perioperative anaesthetic course than the other, with minimal elevation of blood pressure during the procedure. The paper highlights the value of epidural blockade for excision of phaeochromocytoma, especially in situations where the latest recommended methods and advanced monitoring facilities are unavailable.",
"Three patients dropped out of the study during the assessment or treatment. Finally, 25 pioglitazone-treated patients and 22 glimepiride-treated patients (37 men; mean age: 68.1 ± 8.3 years; glycosylated hemoglobin: 6.72 ± 0.70%) completed the study. After 16-week treatments, fasting plasma glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin values were comparably reduced in both groups. Changes in target-to-background ratio values from baseline were significantly greater in the pioglitazone group than in the glimepiride group (-0.12 ± 0.06 vs. 0.09 ± 0.07, p = 0.032), as well as changes in high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (pioglitazone vs. glimepiride group: median: -0.24 [interquartile range (IQR): -1.58 to -0.04] mg/l vs. 0.08 [IQR: -0.07 to 0.79] mg/l, p = 0.031).",
"A total of 743 cardioversions were performed in 540 patients: 265 first cardioversions in patients assigned to apixaban and 275 in those assigned to warfarin. The mean time to the first cardioversion for patients assigned to warfarin and apixaban was 243 ± 231 days and 251 ± 248 days, respectively; 75% of the cardioversions occurred by 1 year. Baseline characteristics were similar between groups. In patients undergoing cardioversion, no stroke or systemic emboli occurred in the 30-day follow-up period. Myocardial infarction occurred in 1 patient (0.2%) receiving warfarin and 1 patient receiving apixaban (0.3%). Major bleeding occurred in 1 patient (0.2%) receiving warfarin and 1 patient receiving apixaban (0.3%). Death occurred in 2 patients (0.5%) receiving warfarin and 2 patients receiving apixaban (0.6%).",
"Plasma proteins mediate thrombogenesis, inflammation, endocardial injury and structural remodelling in atrial fibrillation (AF). We hypothesised that anti-coagulation with rivaroxaban, a direct factor Xa inhibitor, would differentially modulate biologically-relevant plasma proteins, compared with warfarin, a multi-coagulation protein antagonist. We performed unbiased liquid chromatography/tandem mass spectroscopy and candidate multiplexed protein immunoassays among Japanese subjects with non-valvular chronic AF who were randomly assigned to treatment with 24 weeks of rivaroxaban (n=93) or warfarin (n=94). Nine metaproteins, including fibulin-1 (p=0.0033), vitronectin (p=0.0010), haemoglobin α (p=0.0012), apolipoproteins C-II (p=0.0017) and H (p=0.0023), complement C5 precursor (p=0.0026), coagulation factor XIIIA (p=0.0026) and XIIIB (p=0.0032) subunits, and 10 candidate proteins, including thrombomodulin (p=0.0004), intercellular adhesion molecule-3 (p=0.0064), interleukin-8 (p=0.0007) and matrix metalloproteinase-3 (p=0.0003), were differentially expressed among patients with and without known clinical risk factors for stroke and bleeding in AF. Compared with warfarin, rivaroxaban treatment was associated with a greater increase in thrombomodulin (Δ 0.1 vs. 0.3 pg/ml, p=0.0026) and a trend towards a reduction in matrix metalloproteinase-9 (Δ 2.2 vs. -4.9 pg/ml, p=0.0757) over 24 weeks. Only modest correlations were observed between protein levels and prothrombin time, factor Xa activity and prothrombinase-induced clotting time. Plasma proteomics can identify distinct functional patterns of protein expression that report on known stroke and bleeding risk phenotypes in an ethnically-homogeneous AF population. The greater upregulation of thrombomodulin among patients randomised to rivaroxaban represents a proof-of-principle that pharmacoproteomics can be employed to discern novel effects of factor Xa inhibition beyond standard pharmacodynamic measures.",
"Anaemia, the major sequelae of chronic renal disease (CRD) needs to be investigated because it acts as an independent risk factor for worsening of cardiovascular survival, cognitive impairment and poor quality of life. In this prospective tertiary care hospital-based study we have followed up 100 randomly assigned CRD patients who were not on dialysis for at least 6 months. Left ventricular mass index (LVMI), ejection fraction (EF), mini-mental status examination (MMSE) and general well-being of these patients were assessed quantitatively on admission and at 3rd and 6th months of follow-up after receiving recombinant human erythropoietin (rHuEPO) and aggressive intravenous iron therapy for anaemia correction. The median study duration was 6 years. Statistical analysis also showed the positive impact of anaemia correction which, even when partial, caused significant improvement in cardiovascular function as evidenced by increase in EF (p = 0.004) and decrease in LVMI (p = 0.016) along with substantial enhancement of general well-being (p < 0.001). Cognition did not show significant change within a short spell of 6 months. This study thus emphasises on earliest detection and correction of anaemia in CRD population to enhance both short-term and long-term survival as a whole.",
"We conclude that intra-arterial bivalirudin bolus during primary angioplasty is safe and could ensure effective systemic delivery of bivalirudin.",
"This study suggests that both morning and evening dosings of travoprost provide effective 24-hour IOP reduction. However, the evening dosing of travoprost demonstrates slightly greater daytime efficacy, with a narrower range of 24-hour pressure.",
"ERAF after cryoballoon ablation occurs in ≈50% of patients and is strongly associated with LR. Early reablation for ERAF is associated with excellent long-term freedom from recurrent AF.",
"The incidence of malaria and prevalence of genotypic mutations associated with antifolate resistance were high throughout the study. Among the 98 infants randomised to continue co-trimoxazole, 299 malaria cases occurred in 92.28 person years (incidence 3.24 cases/person year). Among the 87 infants randomised to stop co-trimoxazole, 400 malaria cases occurred in 71.81 person years (5.57 cases/person year). Co-trimoxazole prophylaxis yielded a 39% reduction in malaria incidence, after adjustment for age at randomisation (incidence rate ratio 0.61 (95% CI 0.46 to 0.81), P = 0.001). There were no significant differences in the incidence of complicated malaria, diarrhoea, pneumonia, hospitalisations, or deaths between the two treatment arms.",
"At 5 years, the BES was noninferior to SES for the primary endpoint (186 [22.3%] vs. 216 [26.1%], rate ratio [RR]: 0.83 [95% confidence interval (CI): 0.68 to 1.02], p for noninferiority <0.0001, p for superiority = 0.069). The BES was associated with a significant reduction in the more comprehensive patient-orientated composite endpoint of all-cause death, any MI, and all-cause revascularization (297 [35.1%] vs. 339 [40.4%], RR: 0.84 [95% CI: 0.71 to 0.98], p for superiority = 0.023). A significant reduction in very late definite ST from 1 to 5 years was evident with the BES (n = 5 [0.7%] vs. n = 19 [2.5%], RR: 0.26 [95% CI: 0.10 to 0.68], p = 0.003), corresponding to a significant reduction in ST-associated clinical events (primary endpoint) over the same time period (n = 3 of 749 vs. n = 14 of 738, RR: 0.20 [95% CI: 0.06 to 0.71], p = 0.005).",
"Beyond PVI, denervation may be a common mechanism underlying different ablation strategies for PAF.",
"Patients enrolled in TOPCAT demonstrated heterogeneous patterns of ventricular remodeling, with high prevalence of structural heart disease, including left ventricular hypertrophy and left atrial enlargement, in addition to pulmonary hypertension, each of which has been associated with adverse outcomes in HFpEF. Diastolic function was normal in approximately one third of gradable participants, highlighting the heterogeneity of the cardiac phenotype in this syndrome. These findings deepen our understanding of the TOPCAT trial population and expand our knowledge of the diversity of the cardiac phenotype in HFpEF.",
"Clinical acuity is a strong predictor of PCI procedural mortality. With inclusion of variables that further characterize clinical stability, the updated CathPCI Registry mortality models remain well-calibrated across the spectrum of PCI risk.",
"This study demonstrates in a large sample of patients a low rate of adverse reactions after FS of great and small saphenous trunks. However, but the eventuality of exceptional but more serious complications has to be taken into account in the management of patients. A multicentre study like this one takes into account different practices and reports all possible complications, thus demonstrating the need for a common validated protocol.",
"Our data suggest that NCC-AT is characterized by a longer atrioventricular (AV) conduction time, steeper AS angle, and thicker IVS than are seen with AVNRT. These electrocardiographic and echocardiographic characteristics from the IVS to the peri-AV nodal regions may have some effect on the development of NCC-AT.",
"Otopoint-needle implant can effectively relieve headache in migraine patients and upregulate plasma 5-HT level.",
"Dietary fibre plays an important role in controlling postprandial glycemic and insulin response in diabetic patients. The intake of dietary fibre has been shown to delay the gastric emptying in healthy subjects. The relationship between gastric emptying and postprandial blood glucose in diabetic patients with fibre-load liquids needs to be investigated. To investigate the impact of soluble dietary fibre (SDF) on gastric emptying, postprandial glycemic and insulin response in patients with type 2 diabetes. 30 patients with type 2 diabetes (DM) and 10 healthy subjects (HS) matched for gender and age were randomized to receive SDF-free liquid (500 mL, 500 Kcal) and isoenergetic SDF liquid (oat β-glucan 7.5 g, 500 mL, 500 Kcal) on two separate days based on a cross-over with 6-day wash-out period. Gastric emptying was monitored by ultrasonography at intervals of 30 min for 2 hours. Fasting and postprandial blood was collected at intervals of 30-60 min for 180 min to determine plasma glucose and insulin. Proximal gastric emptying was delayed by SDF-treatment both in DM (p=0.001) and HS (p=0.037). SDF resulted in less output volume in the distal stomach in DM (p<0.05). SDF decreased postprandial glucose (p=0.001) and insulin (p=0.001) in DM subjects. Postprandial glucose (r=-0.547, p=0.047) and insulin (r=-0.566, p=0.004) were negatively correlated with distal emptying of SDF in DM subjects. Distal gastric emptying was delayed significantly in DM subjects with HbA1c levels ≥6.5% (p=0.021) or with complications (p=0.011) by SDF, respectively. SDF improved postprandial glycaemia which was related to slowing of gastric emptying.",
"EA at Qiuxu (GB 40) may show effect for migraine.",
"Topiramate reduces the frequency, but not severity or duration, of perimenstrual migraines in women with MRM, including migraines with and without aura, and regardless of combined oral contraceptive use.",
"Our study supports the hypothesis that patients with imploding and ocular migraines are more responsive to BTX than those with exploding migraines. Injections of BTX at doses appropriate for cosmetic purposes may be sufficient to prevent migraine attacks.",
"Left ventricular (LV) mass and the LV ejection fraction (LVEF) are major independent predictors of future cardiovascular disease. The association of LV mass with the future LVEF in younger populations has not been studied. The aim of this study was to investigate the relation of LV mass index (LVMI) at ages 23 to 35 years to LV function after 20 years of follow-up in the Coronary Artery Risk Development in Young Adults (CARDIA) study. CARDIA is a longitudinal study that enrolled young adults in 1985 and 1986. In this study, participants with echocardiographic examinations at years 5 and 25 were included. LVMI and the LVEF were assessed using M-mode echocardiography at year 5 and using M-mode and 2-dimensional imaging at year 25. Statistical analytic models assessed the correlation between LVMI and LV functional parameters cross-sectionally and longitudinally. A total of 2,339 participants were included. The mean LVEF at year 25 was 62%. Although there was no cross-sectional correlation between LVMI and the LVEF at year 5, there was a small but statistically significant negative correlation between LVMI at year 5 and the LVEF 20 years later (r = -0.10, p <0.0001); this inverse association persisted for LVMI in the multivariate model. High LVMI was an independent predictor of systolic dysfunction (LVEF <50%) 20 years later (odds ratio 1.46, p = 0.0018). In conclusion, LVMI in young adulthood in association with chronic risk exposure affects systolic function in middle age; the antecedents of heart failure may occur at younger ages than previously thought.",
"A growing body of evidence supports an association between vitamin D and cardiovascular disease. However, the mechanisms underlying this association are unknown. From 2000 to 2002, we identified 946 participants with stable cardiovascular disease in San Francisco, California, and followed them prospectively for cardiovascular events (heart failure, myocardial infarction, stroke, or cardiovascular death). We then examined the extent to which the association was attenuated by adjustment for poor health behaviors, comorbid health conditions, and potential biological mediators. During a median follow-up period of 8.0 years (through August 24, 2012), 323 subjects (34.1%) experienced a cardiovascular event. Following adjustment for sociodemographic factors, season of blood measurement, health behaviors, and comorbid conditions, 25-hydroxyvitamin D levels under 20 ng/mL remained independently associated with cardiovascular events (hazard ratio = 1.30, 95% confidence interval: 1.01, 1.67). However, after further adjustment for potential biological mediators, the independent association was no longer present (hazard ratio = 1.11, 95% confidence interval: 0.85, 1.44). Parathyroid hormone, a potentially modifiable biological factor downstream from 25-hydroxyvitamin D, was responsible for the majority of this attenuation. These findings highlight the need for randomized controlled trials to determine whether vitamin D supplementation in persons with deficiency could be beneficial for the primary or secondary prevention of cardiovascular events.",
"This is the largest study to compare the efficacy and safety of an SGLT2 inhibitor with an SU in patients with T2DM inadequately controlled on metformin to date. In addition to determining the effects of these treatments on glycemic control over the long term, this study will investigate effects on beta-cell function, cardiovascular risk factors and markers of renal function/damage. The results will help to inform the choice of second-line treatment in patients with T2DM who have failed on metformin.",
"We examined effects of a 3-month football training programme in overweight children using comprehensive echocardiography and peripheral arterial tonometry. Twenty preadolescent overweight children (17 boys, 3 girls aged 8-12 yrs; body mass index [BMI] ≥ 85(th) percentile) participated in a structured 3-month football training programme, consisting of 4 weekly 60-90 min sessions with mean heart rate (HR) > 80% of HRmax (football group, FG). A parallel control group (CG) included 11 children (7 boys, 4 girls) of equivalent age from an obesity clinic. After 3 months, systolic blood pressure was unchanged in FG, but had increased in CG (112 [s 6] vs. 122 [10] mmHg, P = 0.02). FG demonstrated increased left ventricular (LV) posterior wall diameter (0.60 [0.07] vs. 0.68 [0.10] cm, P < 0.001) and an improved right ventricular systolic function determined by tricuspid annular plane systolic excursion (TAPSE, 2.01 [0.29] vs. 2.27 [0.28] cm, P = 0.003). Measures of LV systolic function showed only discrete alterations and two-dimensional (2D) global strain was not changed. After 3 months, global isovolumetric relaxation time (IVRTglobal) had increased in FG (64.0 [7.5] vs. 73.9 [9.4] ms, P < 0.001) while other examined LV diastolic function variables were not altered. No echocardiographic changes were observed in CG. Between-group differences in pre-post delta values were observed for systolic blood pressure, TAPSE, and IVRTglobal (P = 0.02-0.03). We conclude that short-term football training may have positive structural and functional effects on the cardiovascular system in overweight preadolescent children.",
"Médecins sans Frontières (Holland) and the Wellcome Trust Mahidol University Oxford Tropical Medicine Research Programme.",
"VFR traveling children showed a greater risk of exposure to infectious diseases compared with tourists. Immigrant families may represent a target group to prioritize international preventive activities.",
"Adaptol proved to be more effective in patients with baseline hypersympathicotonic and normal autonomic responsiveness, which permits the drug to be differentially used in relation to the baseline type of autonomic responsiveness.",
"Intravenous amiodarone (AIV) is used to treat cardiac arrhythmias. Hypotension is the dose-limiting adverse event of AIV and is considered to be due to the cosolvents (polysorbate 80 and benzyl alcohol) in the formulation. To minimize hypotension, the initial loading dose of AIV (150 mg) is diluted to 1.5 mg/ml and slowly infused over 10 minutes. PM101 is a cosolvent-free intravenous formulation of amiodarone. The present study was designed to assess any potential hypotensive effect of PM101 (50 mg/ml) on the administration of the loading dose (150 mg) as an undiluted bolus push. This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo- and active-controlled study in healthy human subjects receiving placebo (5% dextrose in water, n = 112) or PM101 (bolus push, n = 112). The primary end point was the noninferiority assessment of placebo versus PM101 for change in systolic blood pressure. For comparison, the standard loading dose of AIV (150 mg) was infused at 1.5 mg/ml over 10 minutes, and a rapid loading dose of AIV (150 mg) was infused undiluted (50 mg/ml) over 15 seconds. PM101 was noninferior to placebo, with changes from baseline systolic blood pressure for placebo and PM101 of -4.25 +/- 4.2 and -4.83 +/- 5.0 mm Hg, respectively. Neither regimen of AIV altered systolic blood pressure compared to placebo. Transient and significant increases in heart rate were observed in both AIV groups and with PM101 but not placebo. In conclusion, the results of this study demonstrate that PM101 is devoid of hypotension in healthy human subjects. The absence of a hypotensive effect of AIV in this population suggests that further evaluation is needed in a patient population with cardiac disease.",
"null",
"ARDS caused by miliary TB was associated with a high in-hospital mortality rate, with SOFA score on the day of ARDS diagnosis being a valuable prognostic indicator.",
"Sexual dimorphism in the prevalence of migraine (70% women 30% men) suggests the involvement of reproductive hormones in a women's life. Excessive estrogen during menstruation directly stimulate estrogen receptor alpha thickly populated in trigeminal ganglia and periaqueductal gray which manifest as menstrual migraine. In contrast increased progesterone during pregnancy evokes progesterone receptors A/B, which coexist with ERs, providing complete remission from migraine episodes. Moreover, estrogen also increases nociception through extracellularly signal-regulated kinase (ERK) stimulation and down-regulating antinociceptive GABA, IL-R1 and Zn-fingers. Hormones may provoke migraine indirectly by disrupting mineral homeostasis. Estrogen enhances the absorption and half-life of copper which in turn inhibits the absorption of zinc. Zinc is required for the synthesis of melatonin and CoQ10 essential for growing women. Excess of copper exacerbates the deficiency of zinc, melatonin and CoQ10 typically low in migraineurs. Melatonin is an antioxidant, free radical scavenger and activates antioxidant enzymes like CuZn-superoxide dismutase, catalase, glutathione peroxidase (a Se-enzyme) and glutathione reductase. Zinc deficiency reduces activity of CuZn-SOD. Magnesium and vitamin B6 modulates the level of NO in the cell, both of which are deficient in migraineurs. Magnesium is essential for the removal of trapped NO from within the cell which does not occur under low magnesium levels, which reacts with superoxide generating dangerous peroxynitrite. Iron stimulates nitric oxide synthase producing more NO which is inhibited by zinc, thus, antagonizing peroxynitrite generation. Female hormones lowers magnesium but increase calcium levels which enhance migraine ubiquitousness. Accumulation of copper and iron in deep areas of brain and peripheral nerves typically catalyses the oxidation of catecholamines and generate free radicals involved in lipid-peroxidation, demyelination, denudation of axons and neurodegeneration in specific areas exposing hyperalgesic axons provoking Classical migraine. Furthermore, zinc is an essential component of Zn-fingers (Krox20 and Krox24) which play a pivotal role in the differentiation of Schwann cells-the mainstay for the myelination/remyelination of peripheral nerves. Taken together, conceptually and logically, 30 migraineurs were administered 75 mg of zinc sulfate orally in water daily for 6 weeks+one capsule of vitamin B-complex+one capsule of vitamin A or E (first 10 days) which almost cured all of them. Placebo controlled trials with incremental doses of zinc sulfate along with magnesium and selenium are proposed to augment recovery involving large population of migraineurs. Monitoring of hair and blood mineral analysis for rational therapy is recommended.",
"Early invasive strategy in diabetic patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome is associated with a reduced MACE rate compared with the selective invasive strategy used in these patients. Early invasive strategy applied in diabetic patients is also associated with a significantly longer time to MACE. In non-diabetics the advantages of early over selective invasive strategy are not so clearly differentiated.",
"Successful efforts to reduce cardiovascular disease in many countries have come as a result of both population based interventions and individually guided interventions. Guidelines serve two purposes directed at the promotion of the individually guided interventions. First, they serve as a method to summarize approved and successful life-style and medical interventions to reduce the burden of cardiovascular disease. Second, they guide health providers on how to identify those at high risk for cardiovascular disease and who might benefit from the available interventions. However, guidelines have been increasingly complex and at times contradictory from one body to another or they may not exist at all in certain countries. This paper will review the current status of guidelines for the region as well as for individual countries. Guidelines for the prevention of CVD as a whole will be evaluated as well as guidelines for individual risk factors such as hypertension, cholesterol, and diabetes. Finally, this paper will address the pitfalls of individual risk factor based guidelines as opposed to the absolute risk approach integrating multiple risk factors into one comprehensive set of guidelines.",
"In nondiabetic patients with STEMI undergoing p-PCI, the patients with SH experienced a significantly higher incidence of mortality, ST, and composite MACE.",
"The HPN induced good quality sputum within 3 min. The device operates without electricity and is suitable not only for remote clinics with unreliable electricity, but also for mobile services and community-based intensified tuberculosis (TB) case finding. Further research needs to investigate the yield of TB in sputum samples induced by the HPN.",
"Cardiac arrhythmias are a complication of myocarditis. There are no large studies of in-hospital arrhythmia development and outcomes in pediatric patients with acute myocarditis. This was a retrospective 2-center review of patients ≤21 years hospitalized with acute myocarditis from 1996 to 2012. Fulminant myocarditis was defined as the need for inotropic support within 24 hours of presentation. Acute arrhythmias occurred at presentation and subacute after admission. Eighty-five patients (59% men) presented at a median age of 10 years (1 day to 18 years). Arrhythmias occurred in 38 patients (45%): 16 acute, 12 subacute, and 9 acute and subacute (1 onset unknown). Arrhythmias were associated with low voltages on the electrocardiogram (14 of 34, 41% vs 6 of 47, 13%; odds ratio [OR] 4.78, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.60 to 14.31) and worse outcome (mechanical support, orthotopic heart transplant, or death; OR 7.59, 95% CI 2.61 to 22.07) but were not statistically significantly associated with a fulminant course, ST changes, initial myocardial function, lactate, creatinine level, C-reactive protein and/or erythrocyte sedimentation rate, or troponin I level, after adjusting for multiple comparisons. Subacute arrhythmias were associated with preceding ST changes (10 of 15, 67% vs 15 of 59, 25%, OR 5.87, 95% CI 1.73 to 19.93). All patients surviving to discharge had arrhythmia resolution or control before discharge (10 on antiarrhythmic), with 1 exception (patient with complete heart block requiring a pacemaker). At 1-year follow-up, there were 3 recurrences of ventricular arrhythmias, but no arrhythmia-related mortality. In conclusion, arrhythmias are common in pediatric patients with myocarditis, occurring in nearly 1/2 of all hospitalized children and are associated with a worse outcome. Early identification of subacute arrhythmias using electrocardiographic changes may help management. A majority of patients do not require continued postdischarge arrhythmia treatment.",
"Diabetic or obese patients frequently have morning HT.",
"Fast-dispersible and taste-masked quinine pamoate tablets improved dosing accuracy, allowed easy administration and resulted in a high efficacy during the treatment of children with uncomplicated malaria.",
"HIV-1 protease inhibitors (PIs) have antimalarial activity in vitro and in murine models. The potential beneficial effect of HIV-1 PIs on malaria has not been studied in clinical settings. We used data from Adult AIDS Clinical Trials Group A5208 sites where malaria is endemic to compare the incidence of clinically diagnosed malaria among HIV-infected adult women randomized to either lopinavir/ritonavir (LPV/r)-based antiretroviral therapy (ART) or to nevirapine (NVP)-based ART. We calculated hazard ratios and 95% confidence intervals. We conducted a recurrent events analysis that included both first and second clinical malarial episodes and also conducted analyses to assess the sensitivity of results to outcome misclassification. Among the 445 women in this analysis, 137 (31%) received a clinical diagnosis of malaria at least once during follow-up. Of these 137, 72 (53%) were randomized to LPV/r-based ART. Assignment to the LPV/r treatment group (n = 226) was not consistent with a large decrease in the hazard of first clinical malarial episode (hazard ratio = 1.11 [0.79 to 1.56]). The results were similar in the recurrent events analysis. Sensitivity analyses indicated the results were robust to reasonable levels of outcome misclassification. In this study, the treatment with LPV/r compared to NVP had no apparent beneficial effect on the incidence of clinical malaria among HIV-infected adult women. Additional research concerning the effects of PI-based therapy on the incidence of malaria diagnosed by more specific criteria and among groups at a higher risk for severe disease is warranted.",
"Kidney transplantation increases the risk of TB, with a high rate of extrapulmonary disease. Symptoms of infection are often attenuated, leading to delayed diagnosis. Overall prognosis is good but haemophagocytic syndrome is associated with high mortality. Country of birth might be taken into account in the decision of post-transplantation treatment of latent TB.",
"A virtual diabetes educational activity to teach cognitive skills to manage diabetes to primary care residents was successfully developed, implemented, and well liked. It significantly improved self-assessed knowledge and confidence in diabetes management.",
"This multicenter European collaborative effort demonstrated that the convergent procedure is a safe and efficacious treatment option for persistent and long-standing persistent AF.",
"Temporary high-fructose intake does not seem to cause inflammation in apparently healthy people in this secondary analysis of a small feeding trial.",
"A dose regimen of artesunate and amodiaquine based on arm span- or age range (DRAAAS), derived from a study of 1674 children, was compared with standard dose regimen of the same drugs calculated according to body weight (SDRAA) in 68 malarious children. Children on DRAAAS received 0.8-1.0 of artesunate/kg and 0.9-1.2 times amodiaquine/kg compared with those receiving SDRAA. Parasite and fever clearance and fall in hematocrit in the first 3 days were similar; both regimens were well tolerated. DRAAAS is simple and is efficacious.",
"This prospective, multicenter, randomized, "unblinded," controlled clinical trial was designed to determine if the intrapleural instillation of 1500 mg of tetracycline hydrochloride would be effective in diminishing the ipsilateral rate of recurrence for spontaneous pneumothorax. During the 4-year enrollment period, 113 patients were assigned to the tetracycline group; 116 patients were assigned to the control group. During the 5-year study period, the recurrence rate in the tetracycline group (25%) was significantly less than that in the control group (41%). Use of tetracycline seemed to reduce the recurrence rates for patients with either primary or secondary spontaneous pneumothorax and for patients with either an initial or a recurrent pneumothorax. We conclude that the intrapleural administration of tetracycline in patients with spontaneous pneumothorax significantly reduces the rate of ipsilateral recurrence but is associated with intense chest pain. Intrapleural tetracycline therapy is indicated for patients with a spontaneous pneumothorax who are hospitalized and are treated with tube thoracostomy.",
"A randomised trial was conducted in 82 centres using the porcine surfactant extract, Curosurf, to compare two regimens of multiple doses to treat infants with respiratory distress syndrome and arterial to alveolar oxygen tension ratio < 0.22. Infants were randomly allocated to a low dosage group (100 mg/kg initially, with two further doses at 12 and 24 hours to a maximum cumulative total of 300 mg/kg; n = 1069) or a high dosage group (200 mg/kg initially with up to four further doses of 100 mg/kg to a maximum cumulative total of 600 mg/kg; n = 1099). There was no difference between those allocated low and high dosage in the rates of death or oxygen dependency at 28 days (51.1% v 50.8%; difference -0.3%, 95% confidence interval (CI) -4.6% to 3.9%), death before discharge (25.0% v 23.5%; difference -1.5%, 95% CI -5.1% to 2.2%), and death or oxygen dependency at the expected date of delivery (32.2% v 31.0%; difference -1.2%, 95% CI -5.2% to 2.7%). For 14 predefined secondary measures of clinical outcome there were no significant differences between the groups but the comparison of duration of supplemental oxygen > 40% did attain significance; 48.4% of babies in the low dose group needed > 40% oxygen after three days compared with 42.6% of those in the high dose group. The total amount of surfactant administered in the low dose regimen (mean 242 mg phospholipid/kg) was probably enough to replace the entire pulmonary surfactant pool. Adopting the low dose regimen would lead to considerable cost savings, with no clinically significant loss in efficacy.",
"Consumption of green or rock tea may protect against the development of type 2 diabetes mellitus in Chinese men and women, particularly in those who drink 16-30 cups per week.",
"Despite a lower cure rate than those reported in efficacy studies in which the treatment administration was directly observed, both AL and ASAQ can still be used for the treatment of uncomplicated malaria in Burkina Faso.",
"null",
"Intrahospital transport increases the risk of complications in ventilated critically ill patients. Continuous quality improvement programs should include specific procedures to minimize intrahospital transport-related risks.",
"These results show that 25 (OH) vitamin D deficiency is independently associated with a higher risk of the composite outcome in patients with type II diabetic nephropathy.",
"The objective of this study was to compare the effect of the latanoprost/timolol fixed combination (LTFC) and the dorzolamide/timolol fixed combination (DTFC) on the retrobulbar haemodynamic and intraocular pressure (IOP) in patents with open-angle glaucoma (OAG). This was a prospective, examiner masked, randomised and crossover study. Participants were 32 consecutive subjects, who met the inclusion/exclusion criteria, with newly diagnosed OAG. Patients were randomised to either LTFC or DTFC for the first 1-month treatment phase after a 1-month washout period, without medical treatment, patients began with the opposite treatment for the second 1-month treatment period. Colour Doppler parameters in ophthalmic artery (OA) and posterior ciliary arteries (PCA), ocular perfusion pressure, IOP and systemic haemodynamics were assessed at each baseline and at the end of each treatment period. The main outcomes include peak systolic velocity (PSV), end-diastolic velocity (EDV) and resistance index (RI) in OA and PCA. DTFC significantly increased EDV in OA from 7.55 (1.16) to 9.32 (1.22), p<0.0001, and in the PCA from 4.41 (0.70) to 5.36 (0.60), p<0.0001, and significantly decreased RI in OA from 0.775 (0.036) to 0.725 (0.032), p<0.0001, and in the PCA from 0.694 (0.045) to 0.634 (0.034). LTFC significantly decreased the EDV and significantly increased RI in PCA, p=0.0076 and p=0.0009, respectively. There were no statistical significant differences in the IOP lowering effect between both treatments. DTFC seems to have a beneficial vascular effect on retrobulbar vessels in OAG patients.",
"Bristol-Myers Squibb and Pfizer.",
"High rate rTMS in left frontal cortex is effective and well tolerated for migraine prophylaxis.",
"While use of extensive AADs within the initial 2 months after persistent AF ablation decreases early ATa, it does not prevent late ATa. Moreover, LAD as well as early ATa is a strong predictor of ATa at 12 months.",
"NMR-based metabonomic approach is amenable for the noninvasive diagnosis and differential diagnosis of FSGS as well as other glomerulopathies, and it could indicate the possible mechanisms of primary FSGS.",
"Contrary to the previous studies that noted that the percentage of iris hyperpigmentation caused by travoprost in homochromic brown eyes was very low, our study showed that 35.6% iris hyperpigmentation did occur, which is a considerably higher percentage than that reported in whites.",
"Our findings show that drug effects on QTc interval do not explain the observed QTc values in the population. The prevalence of high QTc values in the real-life population can be assigned to co-morbidities and concomitant medications. These findings substantiate the need to account for these factors when evaluating the cardiovascular risk of medicinal products.",
"Clinical data on optimal management of mechanical complications of myocardial infarction are lacking. We retrospectively evaluated the effect of intra-aortic balloon pump (IABP) on 30-day survival in patients with postinfarction ventricular septal rupture (VSR, n = 55) or acute mitral regurgitation (MR, n = 26) who developed either cardiogenic shock (n = 46) or severe hemodynamic instability that did not fulfill the criteria of shock (n = 35). IABP was inserted in 83% of the patients with shock and 57% of those without shock. Thirty-five (76%) patients with shock and all unstable patients survived until surgical repair, which was performed within a median (interquartile range) of 1 (1 to 2) and 9 (2 to 18) days from the onset of the complication (p <0.001). All patients who did not undergo the operation died within 3 days. Although MR presented more acutely, the patients' outcomes were similar to those with VSR. IABP support reduced 30-day mortality in the patients with shock (61% vs 100%, p = 0.04) but not in the patients without shock (20% vs 27%, p = 0.7). The benefit of IABP support in the shock cohort was driven mainly by reduction of preoperative mortality (11% vs 88%, p <0.001). Early progression of cardiogenic shock and unperformed surgery were the only independent predictors of 30-day mortality (hazard ratio 3.4, 95% confidence interval 1.5 to 8 and hazard ratio 5.1, 95% confidence interval 2.2 to 11, respectively; p = 0.004 and p <0.001, respectively). In conclusion, we suggest that all patients with postinfarction VSR or acute MR with signs of cardiogenic shock should immediately receive IABP as a bridge to emergent surgical repair. In contrast, hemodynamically unstable patients without shock may be first stabilized by medical therapy, without additional benefit of IABP, before they undergo cardiac surgery.",
"In an ACS patient population, a lower long-term MACE rate was observed in patients treated with an EZES when compared to treatment with first-generation drug-eluting stents. The use of EZES in contemporary practice has excellent long-term outcome in terms of low rates of revascularization and clinical events.",
"As a leading cause of childhood mortality worldwide, selection pressure by Plasmodium falciparum continues to shape the human genome. Severe disturbances within the microcirculation result from the adhesion of infected erythrocytes to host receptors on monocytes, platelets, and endothelium. In this prospective study, we compared expression of all major host cytoadhesion receptors among Ugandan children presenting with uncomplicated malaria (n = 1078) versus children with severe malaria (n = 855), including cerebral malaria (n = 174), severe anaemia (n = 522), and lactic acidosis (n = 154). We report a significant survival advantage attributed to blood group O and increased monocyte expression of CD36 and ICAM1 (CD54). The high case fatality rate syndromes of cerebral malaria and lactic acidosis were associated with high platelet CD36 expression and thrombocytopenia, and severe malaria anaemia was characterized by low ICAM1 expression. In a logistic regression model of disease severity, odds ratios for the mitigating effects of blood group O, CD36, and ICAM1 phenotypes were greater than that of sickle haemoglobin. Host genetic adaptations to Plasmodium falciparum suggest new potential malaria treatment strategies.",
"Compared with placebo or mexiletine, SSYX capsules have significant therapeutic efficacy in reducing PVCs numbers and alleviate PVCs-related symptoms.",
"Rosuvastatin may have a beneficial effect on bone metabolism in patients with type 2 diabetes and hypercholesterolemia by stimulating osteoblast function and bone formation, which seems to be independent of its cholesterol-lowering effect.",
"In this cohort of women with evidence of ischemia, aTRH was associated with a profoundly increased long-term risk of major adverse events, including death, that emerged early during follow-up.",
"Use of CT-proET-1 improves risk stratification of unselected patients with suspected AMI. CT-proET-1 did not provide additional diagnostic value.",
"null",
"Insertion of a venous catheter is a safe alternative to chest tube placement as a method of draining air from newborn patients with pneumothorax. This is an easy and quick bedside procedure and is particularly useful for newborn patients that require immediate air drainage.",
"According to this post hoc analysis, patients with lone AF have a high risk for cardiovascular hospitalization within 1 year. Dronedarone when added to standard of care reduces the risk of cardiovascular hospitalizations in this population.",
"The early treatment responses following systemic and intravitreal bevacizumab appear to be similar. Both groups show improvement in VA and decrease in CRT within 1 week and up to 3 months. Long-term follow-up is required to evaluate the safety and treatment durability of both treatment modalities using bevacizumab.",
"In contrast to the general population, atrial-based pacing was not associated with a lower incidence of atrial arrhythmia in adults with CHD.",
"Diabetes mellitus in new smear-positive patients with PTB was associated with failure to sputum smear convert at 2 months and adverse treatment outcomes of loss-to-follow-up and failure. Further research is needed to understand the reasons for these findings and to determine whether the current length of treatment of 6 months is adequate.",
"These results, obtained in a big sample of patients refractory or intolerant to topiramate and other preventatives, indicate that, at least in conditions of daily clinical practice, zonisamide, at relatively low dosages, is an option to be considered for the preventive treatment of patients with frequent migraine.",
"Imaging with (18)F-FDG-PET/CT is noninvasive and appears to be clinically useful for the diagnosis of tubercular tubo-ovarian masses.",
"A simple risk model was developed that has a reasonably good capacity for the prediction of 30-day bleeding after PPCI.",
"Intravitreal injection of 1.25 mg (0.05 ml) of bevacizumab contributes to a better management of neovascular glaucoma.",
"Travoprost/timolol combination produces greater IOP reductions than the positive control, timolol 0.5%, and reductions that were similar to concomitant travoprost + timolol. This study demonstrates that the fixed combination of travoprost/timolol produces significant and clinically relevant reductions of IOP in a once-daily dosing regimen.",
"The prevalence of self-reported nonadherence was congruent with literature. The patients visiting their ophthalmologists at least every 3 months have a lower risk of nonadherence. Ophthalmologist report is an insensitive method for detecting nonadherence.",
"In the LIPID study, baseline Lp(a) was associated with future cardiovascular disease and CHD events. Increased Lp(a) concentrations after 1 year were also associated with future events, supporting measurement of Lp(a) for risk assessment of patients with known CHD.",
"In this long-term open-label extension study, the safety profile of divalproex sodium extended-release in adolescents with migraine was consistent with that observed in the preceding 3-month, double-blind trial and in previous adult studies. Overall, divalproex sodium extended-release was well-tolerated in adolescents aged 12 to 17 years.",
"In this study of patients with POAG, IOPs and AEs were similar in eyes receiving 6 weeks of treatment with travoprost 0.004% ophthalmic solution, either from bottles from which the laminated packaging had been opened and that had been stored at room light and temperature for 6 weeks (ie, after the expiration date), or from bottles that had been sealed until first use by the patient. These results suggest that travoprost remains effective for at least 12 weeks after the laminated packaging has been opened.",
"Although this study was limited by its observational design, the results demonstrate that preservative-free tafluprost is an effective, well tolerated, and safe medication in a patient population with poor IOP control and/or tolerability issues with their medication prior used.",
"We compared bacillary loads after splitting sputum specimens by chemical (N-acetyl-l-cysteine [NALC]) and mechanical homogenization by vortexing with sterile glass beads. NALC and vortexing with glass beads were equally effective at homogenizing sputum specimens, resulting in an equal distribution of tubercle bacilli in the aliquots.",
"French National Agency for Research on AIDS and Viral Hepatitis (ANRS), Brazilian National STD/AIDS Program-Ministry of Health.",
"HTx in neonates is mainstay therapy for those with severe cardiomyopathies and congenital heart disease. Fetal listing for HTx has been proposed as a way to increase the potential window for a donor with outcomes predicted to be similar to the neonatal population. Data from the PHTS, a prospective multicenter study, were used to examine the outcomes of fetuses listed between 1993 and 2009. Four thousand three hundred and sixty-five children were listed for HTx during this period. Fetuses comprised 1% and neonates 19.8% of listed patients. In those patients listed as fetus and transplanted, the median wait time from listing to HTx was 55 days (range 4-255), with a median of 25 days (range 0-233) after birth. By six months post-listing, a higher proportion of fetal listed patients had undergone HTx with a lower waitlist mortality when compared with neonate. There was no significant difference in survival following HTx between the two group (p = 0.4). While the results of this study may be less applicable to current practice due to changes in referrals for fetal listing, they do indicate that fetal listing can be a reasonable option. These results are of particular interest at the present time given the ongoing public discourse on the proposed elimination of fetal listing within UNOS.",
"In a multicentric, open, preliminary trial, we evaluated the use of ginkgolide B, a herbal constituent extract from Ginkgo biloba tree leaves, in the prophylactic treatment of migraine with aura (MA). Fifty women suffering from migraine with typical aura, or migraine aura without headache, diagnosed according to International Headache Society criteria, entered a six-month study. They underwent a two month run-in period free of prophylactic drugs, followed by a four month treatment period (subdivided into two bimesters, TI and TII) with a combination of 60 mg ginkgo biloba terpenes phytosome, 11 mg coenzyme Q 10, and 8.7 mg vitamin B2 (Migrasoll), administered twice daily. A detailed diary reporting neurological symptoms, duration, and frequency of MA was compiled by patients throughout the trial. The number of MA significantly decreased during treatment (from 3.7 +/- 2.2 in the run-in period, to 2.0 +/- 1.9 during TI and to 1.2 +/- 1.6 during TII; Anova for repeated measures: P < 0.0001). There was also a statistically significant decrease in the average MA duration, which was 40.4 +/- 19.4 min during run-in, 28.2 +/- 19.9 during TI, and 17.6 +/- 20.6 during TII. Total disappearance of MA was observed in 11.1% patients during TI and in 42.2% of patients during T2. No serious adverse event was provoked by Migrasoll administration. Ginkgolide B is effective in reducing MA frequency and duration. The effect is clearly evident in the first bimester of treatment and is further enhanced during the second.",
"The management of children suffering from sickle cell disease [sickle cell anaemia (SCA) and sickle cell beta degree-thalassaemia (S beta degree-thal.)] has been the concern of all clinicians caring for these patients. Several agents have been tried for treatment, often limited by toxic side effects. Piracetam (2-oxo-l-pyrrolidine acetamide, Nootropyl), a cyclic derivative of gamma-amino butyrate, used for the treatment of psychosenescent syndromes with no known side effects, was considered as a possible therapeutic agent for sickle cell disease. Interest was focused on the use of piracetam when it was shown that it had an antisickling effect, both in vivo and in vitro. We initiated multicentre double-blind investigations in two groups of children suffering from sickle cell disease ranging in age from 3-6 to 6-12 years. The total number of patients included in the study were 87 (SCA = 79 and Hb S beta degree-thal. = 8) in 13 centres in 10 different regions of Saudi Arabia. Coded boxes of the drugs were received from the company (UCB) and were administered as intravenous infusion during crises and orally during the follow-up, for a period of up to 1 year. After decoding the code at the end of the study, the patients were grouped into those receiving placebo (n = 39), i.e. controls, or piracetam (n = 48), i.e. study cases. In terms of age, weight, height and severity index, number of blood transfusions received and number of hospitalization, both groups were statistically homogenous. Data analysis showed that the clinical severity of the disease, the number of crises, the extent of hospitalization and the blood transfusion requirements significantly decreased during piracetam treatment (p < 0.001), though no statistically significant changes occurred in the placebo group. However, in the levels of the haematological and biochemical parameters no significant changes were documented in both groups. In addition, the improvement in the clinical presentation of the disease continued even several months after discontinuation of the drug in the majority of the children, as judged from the low severity index value. Though our results point to the recommendation that piracetam can be used for the treatment of children suffering from sickle cell disease, both SCA and S beta degree-thal, it is advisable to conduct long-term and close follow-up treatment programmes using piracetam to establish its therapeutic value particularly in adults and to ascertain that there are no long-term toxic side effects.",
"Early repolarisation is frequent in black Africans, especially in the setting of cardiovascular morbidity. Early repolarisation may be associated with a past history of syncope, especially the notched pattern.",
"Sitagliptin, an oral dipeptidyl peptidase-4 inhibitor, lowers blood glucose when administered as monotherapy or in combination with other antihyperglycemic agents. TECOS will evaluate the effects of adding sitagliptin to usual diabetes care on cardiovascular outcomes and clinical safety. TECOS is a pragmatic, academically run, multinational, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, event-driven trial recruiting approximately 14,000 patients in 38 countries who have type 2 diabetes (T2DM), are at least 50 years old, have cardiovascular disease, and have an hemoglobin A1c value between 6.5% and 8.0%. Eligible participants will be receiving stable mono- or dual therapy with metformin, sulfonylurea, or pioglitazone, or insulin alone or in combination with metformin. Randomization is 1:1 to double-blind sitagliptin or matching placebo, in addition to existing therapy in a usual care setting. Follow-up occurs at 4-month intervals in year 1 and then twice yearly until 1300 confirmed primary end points have occurred. Glycemic equipoise between randomized groups is a desired aim. The primary composite cardiovascular endpoint is time to the first occurrence of cardiovascular death, nonfatal myocardial infarction, nonfatal stroke, or hospitalization for unstable angina, with cardiovascular events adjudicated by an independent committee blinded to study therapy. TECOS is a pragmatic-design cardiovascular outcome trial assessing the cardiovascular effects of sitagliptin when added to usual T2DM management.",
"The clinical course and medical treatment of patients with congestive heart failure (CHF) complicating acute myocardial infarction (AMI) are not well established, especially in patients with concomitant renal dysfunction. We performed a retrospective analysis of the prospective Korean Acute Myocardial Infarction Registry to assess the medical treatments and clinical outcomes of patients with CHF (Killip classes II or III) complicated by AMI, in the presence or absence of renal dysfunction. Of 13,498 patients with AMI, 2769 (20.5%) had CHF on admission. Compared to CHF patients with preserved renal function, in-hospital mortality and major adverse cardiac events were increased both at 1 month and at 1 year after discharge in patients with renal dysfunction (1154; 41.7%). Postdischarge use of aspirin, betablockers, calcium channel blockers, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, or angiotensin II receptor blockers and statins significantly reduced the 1-year mortality rate for CHF patients with renal dysfunction; such reduction was not observed for those without renal dysfunction, except in the case of aspirin. Patients with CHF complicating AMI, which is accompanied by renal dysfunction, are at higher risk for adverse cardiovascular outcomes than patients without renal dysfunction. However, they receive fewer medications proven to reduce mortality rates.",
"Based on these data, the treatment of choice for patients with MEN 2A or MEN 2B and a unilateral pheochromocytoma is resection of only the involved gland. Substantial morbidity and significant mortality are associated with the Addisonian state after bilateral adrenalectomy.",
"Subconjunctival 5-FU application is a more effective therapy than bevacizumab application for needling procedures in failed trabeculectomy blebs.",
"Postoperative myocardial injury is an independent predictor of 30-day mortality after noncardiac surgery. Implementation of postoperative troponin monitoring as standard of care is feasible and may be helpful in improving the prognosis of patients undergoing noncardiac surgery.",
"POAG was related to anxiety and depression. No significant relationship between the use of beta-blocker eye-drops and depression was noted.",
"We evaluated the clinico-surgical significance of pulmonary artery (PA) reconstruction using a patch of autologous pericardium/azygos venae substitute to treat central non-small cell lung cancer in 62 patients with pulmonary arteries invaded by tumor. According to TNM-classification, four patients were stage IIb, 46 were stage IIIa, and 12 were stage IIIb. Depending on tumor infiltration, surgical procedures included partial PA tangential resections/reconstructions by a patch of autologous azygos venae, a patch of autologous pericardium and complete PA sleeve resection and reconstruction by a custom-made autologous pericardial conduit interposition. 47 patients received postoperative chemotherapy and 19 received radiotherapy. There were 2 (3.2%) postoperative early deaths due to bronchial anastomotic leakage. Postoperative complications occurred in 17.7% (11/62) patients and all recovered uneventfully. Mean follow-up time after surgical resection was 49.5 (6-12) months and overall ≤1-, 3-, 5-, and ≥10-year survival rates were 80.2, 44.7, 31.4, and 23.1%, respectively. It was concluded that autologous pericardial patch and azygos vein patch reconstruction of PA were safe and effective. Regarding extended circumferential defects after sleeve resection in which end-to-end anastomosis is not feasible, autologous pericardial conduit interposition may be useful for reconstruction when a tumor extensively infiltrates full circumference of the PA.",
"ILCD is effective therapy for SGS due to WG. Best results are obtained when these endoscopic techniques are performed prior to other forms of surgery, which may produce extensive scar formation. Based on this experience, the authors recommend ILCD as the preferred therapy in WG-SGS.",
"Bepridil was superior to amiodarone in achieving sinus conversion and in maintaining sinus rhythm after cardioversion in patients with persistent AF. Even so, we must be watchful for potentially serious adverse complications when administering bepridil.",
"Hydroxyurea usage led to a small, statistically significant reduction in daily pain, analgesic use, and utilization in adults in MSH, corroborating previously shown larger reductions in crises and mortality. The degree of daily symptomatic reduction was related to the size of the HbF treatment response, further confirming HbF response as a useful laboratory correlate.",
"No multi-site comparisons have tested whether seasonally cold temperature or climate exacerbate pain intensity in sickle cell disease (SCD). We examined seasonal SCD pain intensity and frequency patterns and compared them with concurrent climate conditions (temperature and barometric pressure) and geography of patient residence in the Multicenter Study of Hydroxyurea (MSH). We conducted a time series analysis of the monthly average daily pain intensity (0-9 scale) and pain frequency of the 299 MSH patients from December 1991 to December 1994. We used both an unobserved component model (UCM) and a nonparametric local regression (LOESS) to probe for a cycle and/or trend associated with the time series. We also examined base mixed regression models of season, monthly average temperature and barometric pressure, and geographic region as stand-alone predictors of pain intensity and frequency. Expanded models included additional predictor variables. UCM and LOESS analyses showed a cyclic pattern of pain intensity and frequency with peaks in late Fall/early Winter and troughs in Spring. Base regression models showed colder seasons were significantly associated with greater pain intensity (p = .0035) but not frequency (p = .07); higher monthly temperatures were significantly associated with both lower pain intensity and pain frequency, but higher monthly barometric pressures were significantly associated with greater pain intensity and frequency (all p's < .0001); and northern sites had nonsignificantly higher pain intensity (p = .40) and frequency (p = .07) than southern sites. This pattern of results did not change in expanded models including other predictors. Our results suggest that seasonably colder temperatures exacerbate sickle cell-related pain, but low barometric pressure does not, and geographic region of residence is not significantly related to pain in this sample.",
"In patients with primary open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension and elevated IOP while on monotherapy with latanoprost, switching to dorzolamide-timolol or combining dorzolamide-timolol with latanoprost are effective and safe treatment options for reducing IOP and achieving therapeutic response.",
"At both sites, WHO07 expedited diagnosis of smear-negative PTB with increased diagnostic accuracy compared with the UgWHO03. The WHO07 expedited diagnosis more at the urban ASO but with more diagnostic accuracy at the rural hospital. Barriers to implementation should be taken into account when operationalising these guidelines for TB diagnosis in resource-limited settings.",
"Prochlorperazine was statistically superior to octreotide in clinical success rate and decrease in pain in migraine patients but caused more restlessness and sedation.",
"This simplified method for the insertion of Molteno implants eliminates the need for a donor scleral graft while maintaining the implant's ability to control intraocular pressure.",
"1. In a 19 month period from June 1993 to December 1994, 60 patients (mean age 54.8 +/- 1.5 years s.e.m.; 32 males, 28 females) underwent unilateral laparoscopic adrenalectomy by one of us (JCR) for the treatment of hypertension due to primary aldosteronism (n = 48), phaeochromocytoma (n = 3) and cortisol-producing adenoma (n = 1) or to remove adrenal massess incidentally discovered on abdominal computerized tomography scanning ('incidentaloma') performed for other reasons (seven adenomas without biochemical evidence of excessive steroid hormone or catecholamine secretion and one carcinoma autonomously producing cortisol). 2. Compared with conventional open procedures, laparoscopic adrenalectomy was associated with reduced recovery time and a low complication rate (one pulmonary embolus and one port site incisional hernia). 3. Operation time with experience approximates that of open procedures (60 min), but is significantly longer in obese than in non-obese patients, and in males than in females. 4. Patients with adrenal causes of hypertension were cured or significantly improved by laparoscopic unilateral adrenalectomy. 5. Because of our concern regarding malignant potential of incidentalomas and high patient acceptance of laparoscopic techniques, we have reduced our size criteria for removal of incidentalomas.",
"4RMP may be a reasonable alternative to 9INH. Costs of a large-scale non-inferiority trial may be offset by subsequent savings.",
"Gabapentin appeared well tolerated in 30 (75%) patients compared to topiramate in 23(57.5%) patients. Both drugs were equally effective in migraine prophylaxis.",
"The findings indicate that prophylactic treatment of migraineurs by standardized acupuncture might positively influence the dysfunction of the cerebrovascular response to autonomic stimuli, but not the cerebral vasotonus during rest.",
"The distinct patterns of plasma catecholamine O-methylated metabolites in patients with hereditary pheochromocytoma provide an easily used tool to guide cost-effective genotyping of underlying disease-causing mutations.",
"The ability of T cells to activate antimicrobial pathways in infected macrophages is essential to host defence against many intracellular pathogens. Here, we compared the ability of two T-cell-mediated mechanisms to trigger antimicrobial responses against Mycobacterium tuberculosis in humans, CD40 activation and the release of interferon-γ (IFN-γ). Given that IFN-γ activates a vitamin D-dependent antimicrobial response, we focused on induction of the key components of this pathway. We show that activation of human monocytes via CD40 ligand (CD40L) and IFN-γ, alone, and in combination, induces the CYP27b1-hydroxylase, responsible for the conversion of 25-hydroxyvitamin D (25D) to the bioactive 1,25-dihydroxyvitamin D (1,25D), and the vitamin D receptor (VDR). The activation of the vitamin D pathway by CD40L and IFN-γ results in up-regulated expression of the antimicrobial peptides, cathelicidin and DEFB4, as well as induction of autophagy. Finally, activation of monocytes via CD40L and IFN-γ results in an antimicrobial activity against intracellular M. tuberculosis. Our data suggest that at least two parallel T-cell-mediated mechanisms, CD40L and IFN-γ, activate the vitamin D-dependent antimicrobial pathway and trigger antimicrobial activity against intracellular M. tuberculosis, thereby contributing to human host defence against intracellular infection.",
"Rates of the primary outcome were 1.69% per year in the warfarin group, as compared with 1.53% per year in the group that received 110 mg of dabigatran (relative risk with dabigatran, 0.91; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.74 to 1.11; P<0.001 for noninferiority) and 1.11% per year in the group that received 150 mg of dabigatran (relative risk, 0.66; 95% CI, 0.53 to 0.82; P<0.001 for superiority). The rate of major bleeding was 3.36% per year in the warfarin group, as compared with 2.71% per year in the group receiving 110 mg of dabigatran (P=0.003) and 3.11% per year in the group receiving 150 mg of dabigatran (P=0.31). The rate of hemorrhagic stroke was 0.38% per year in the warfarin group, as compared with 0.12% per year with 110 mg of dabigatran (P<0.001) and 0.10% per year with 150 mg of dabigatran (P<0.001). The mortality rate was 4.13% per year in the warfarin group, as compared with 3.75% per year with 110 mg of dabigatran (P=0.13) and 3.64% per year with 150 mg of dabigatran (P=0.051).",
"Zinc deficiency is common in adult sickle-cell disease (SCD) patients. We previously demonstrated that zinc supplementation to adult SCD patients decreased the incidences of infections and hospital admissions. We hypothesize that zinc supplementation improves T-helper cell function and decreases vascular endothelial cell activation, oxidative stress, and nuclear factor-kappa B (NF-kappaB)-DNA binding in mononuclear cells (MNCs) in SCD patients. To test this hypothesis, 36 SCD patients were recruited and randomly divided into 2 groups. One group (n = 18) received 25-mg zinc orally thrice a day for 3 months. The other group (n = 18) received placebo. The results indicate that the zinc-supplemented group had decreased incidence of infections compared with the placebo group. After zinc supplementation, red blood cell, hemoglobin (Hb), hematocrit, (Hct), plasma zinc, and antioxidant power increased; plasma nitrite and nitrate (NOx), lipid peroxidation products, DNA oxidation products, and soluble vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 decreased in the zinc-supplemented group, compared with the placebo group. Zinc-supplemented patients exhibited significant decreases in lipopolysaccharide-induced tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha) and IL-1beta mRNAs, and TNF-induced nuclear factor of kappaB-DNA binding in MNCs, compared with the placebo group. Ex vivo addition of zinc to MNCs isolated from the placebo subjects decreased TNF-alpha and IL-1beta mRNAs. Zinc supplementation also increased relative levels of IL-2 and IL-2Ralpha mRNAs in phytohemagglutinin-p-stimulated MNCs. These results suggest that zinc supplementation may be beneficial to SCD patients.",
"MA is simple, safe, cheap, minimal invasive in uncomplicated PSP/traumatic PTX with similar success and recurrence rates and a shorter hospital stay in comparison to TT and therefore the treatment of choice.",
"The extent to which dense and irreversible sickle cells (ISCs) contribute to vaso-occlusive episodes in sickle cell disease remains unclear. N-Acetylcysteine (NAC) inhibits dense cell and ISC formation in sickle erythrocytes in vitro and restores glutathione levels toward normal. A phase II double-blind randomized clinical trial was completed to determine the efficacy of NAC in decreasing dense cell and ISC formation, and vaso-occlusive episodes in sickle cell disease. Twenty-one subjects with a history of at least two vaso-occlusive episodes per year and 6% dense cells were enrolled. Four treatment groups were analyzed; NAC at a dose of 2,400 mg per day decreased the percent dense cells from 20.1 +/- 2.9 to 12.6 +/- 2.1 (P < 0.05) and increased red cell glutathione levels from 292.8 +/- 74.5 to 576.7 +/- 155.1 (P < 0.05). In addition, we observed a decrease in vaso-occlusive episodes from 0.03 to 0.006 episodes per person-days and a decreased in relative risk to R = 0.39. Although NAC did not significantly decrease the number of ISCs, there was a downward trend at all doses tested. In summary, NAC inhibited dense cell formation, restored glutathione levels toward normal, and decreased vaso-occlusive episodes at a well-tolerated dose of 2,400 mg per day. To determine the long-term efficacy and safety of NAC, a multicenter phase III clinical trial is required.",
"mRDTs were found to be acceptable to and used by the target users, provided clear policy guidelines exist, ancillary tools are easy to use and health supplies beyond the diagnostic tools are met. Based on our results, health workers' needs for comprehensive case management should be met, and specific guidance for managing febrile patients with negative test outcomes should be provided alongside the new health technology. The extent, to which the implementation process of mRDT-led, parasite-based diagnosis accommodates end user beliefs, attitudes, perceptions, and satisfaction, as well as technology learnability and suitability, influences the level of acceptance and use of mRDTs. The effectiveness of the health system in providing the enabling environment and the integration of the diagnostic tool into routine service delivery is critical.",
"AVR with FS was associated with severe thrombocytopenia during the first postoperative days. Besides a slightly longer hospitalization in the intensive care unit in the FS group, the clinical outcome did not differ significantly, indicating thrombocytopenia was a transient and self-recovering phenomenon, not affecting clinical outcome. Rinsing the FS did not prevent thrombocytopenia.",
"In POAG low-dose MMC with intensified postoperative management improved the outcome of the trabeculectomy with a low incidence of complications.",
"The diagnosis of pheochromocytoma was made incidentally in 40% of patients. MIBG is not necessary for unilateral non-hereditary pheochromocytomas localized by CT/MRI. LA is possible with excellent results in most patients, including for treatment of lesions 6 cm or greater in size with no signs of invasion. Laparoscopy should be used cautiously for paragangliomas because of a high rate of malignancy.",
"No clinically significant QT(c) prolongation was observed for eltrombopag at therapeutic and supratherapeutic doses.",
"Adrenomedullin (ADM) is closely related to calcitonin gene-related peptide, which has a known causative role in migraine. Animal studies have strongly suggested that ADM has a vasodilatory effect within the cerebral circulation. For these reasons, ADM is also likely to be involved in migraine. However, the hypothetical migraine-inducing property and effect on human cerebral circulation of ADM have not previously been investigated. Human ADM (0.08 microg kg(-1) min(-1)) or placebo (saline 0.9%) was administered as a 20-min intravenous infusion to 12 patients suffering from migraine without aura in a crossover double-blind study. The occurrence of headache and associated symptoms were registered regularly 24 h post infusion. Cerebral blood flow (CBF) was measured by (133)Xenon single-photon emission computed tomography, mean blood flow velocity in the middle cerebral artery (V(MCA)) by transcranial Doppler and the diameter of peripheral arteries by transdermal ultrasound (C-scan). ADM did not induce significantly more headache or migraine compared with placebo (P = 0.58). CBF was unaffected by ADM infusion (global CBF, P = 0.32 and rCBF(MCA), P = 0.38) and the same applied for the V(MCA) (P = 0.18). The superficial temporal artery dilated compared with placebo (P < 0.001), and facial flushing was seen after ADM administration (P = 0.001). In conclusion, intravenous ADM is not a mediator of migraine headache and does not dilate intracranial arteries.",
"Peroperative administration of intracameral bevacizumab significantly reduces the need for additional interventions during the follow-up of patients undergoing trabeculectomy.",
"During treatment of up to 12 perimenstrual periods over a 12- to 15-month period, the safety and tolerability of frovatriptan for short-term prevention of menstrual migraine was similar to that observed with acute use of triptans. Adverse events were generally mild or moderate in severity, there was no evidence of an increased risk of cardiovascular adverse events relative to acute treatment, and rebound headache was not evident. A short-term regimen with frovatriptan presents a safe and viable treatment option for preventing predictable migraine such as menstrual migraine.",
"The prevalence COPD in a rural community in Nueva Ecija, Philippines was 20.8% for GOLD Stage I or higher, and 16.7% for GOLD Stage II or higher. In addition to smoking history, the use of firewood for cooking, working on a farm and a history of tuberculosis were significantly associated with fixed airflow obstruction, as assessed by spirometry.",
"BiV pacing, compared to RV pacing, did not change LV function and quality of life in patients with the absence of LV dysfunction or remodelling, standard bradycardia pacing indications in a pilot phase (12- month follow-up) of the TUGENDHAT trial. The final report will be published after 60-month follow-up termination (Tab. 5, Fig. 3, Ref. 30).",
"The data indicate that decreased oxidative defense, liver function abnormalities, amino acid deficiencies, and energy metabolism disorders are common characteristics of complicated diseases, which may be related to the formation of abnormal Savda.",
"Thirty patients at 7 centers were enrolled. Major adverse events included 1 death due to post-cardiotomy syndrome and concomitant sepsis and 1 minor stroke with the patient fully recovered at the 30-day follow-up visit. Additional patients experienced procedural major adverse events related to a reoperation or conversion to standard of care. Acute procedural success (placement of at least 1 neo-chord and reduction of MR from 3+ or 4+ to ≤2+) was achieved in 26 patients (86.7%). In 4 patients neo-chordae were not placed for technical and/or patient-specific reasons. These patients underwent intraoperative (3 patients) or post-operative (1 patient) standard MV repair. At 30 days, 17 patients maintained an MR grade ≤2+. Four patients who developed recurrent MR were successfully treated with open MV repair during 30-day follow-up. Results improved with experience: durable reduction in MR to ≤2+ at 30 days was achieved in 5 (33.3%) of the first 15 patients and 12 (85.7%) of the last 14 patients.",
"In patients with stable coronary artery disease or low-risk ACS treated with zotarolimus-eluting stents, 3 months of dual antiplatelet therapy was noninferior to 12 months for NACCE, without significantly increasing the risk of stent thrombosis.",
"This is the first study focusing on the spectral and spatial signatures of cortical dysfunction in adolescents with migraine using MEG signals in a frequency range of 5 to 2,884 Hz. This methodology analyzing aberrant brain activation may be important for developing new therapeutic interventions for migraine in the future.",
"Repeated treatment with ≤ 5 cycles of onabotulinumtoxinA was effective, safe, and well tolerated in adults with chronic migraine.",
"Despite a lack of EGDT, sepsis treatment patterns were consistent with "best-practice" and mortality was lower than international comparators.",
"Internal jugular vein cannulation has become a routine and clinically important aspect of medical care of critically ill patients. The landmark guided technique usually affords rapid and easy vascular access, but is not always successful and may be complicated by arterial puncture, hematoma, or pneumothorax. Some categories of patients, in particular patients with no external landmarks and patients with coagulopathies, appear to be at an increased risk of complications. We report the experience of internal jugular vein cannulation by a single operator with the external landmark technique in 10 patients and with ultrasound guidance in 31 patients, including 12 high risk patients. These patients had severe coagulopathies due to hepatic failure, HELLP syndrome, excess of anticoagulation treatment, or they had no external anatomic landmarks because of anasarca or obesity, were unable to maintain the horizontal position, or were external landmark catheterization failures. With the availability of the ultrasound device, success and complication rates improved markedly, suggesting that the ultrasound technique is easy to learn and rapidly produces an improvement over the external landmark method. In particular the 13 cannulations performed in 12 high risk patients were all successful at the first attempt, with no complications. In the overall population successful cannulations improved from 80% to 100%, first attempt success from 20% to 87% and carotid punctures decreased from 33% to 3.2%. Our results confirm that ultrasound guided cannulation of the internal jugular vein allows safer operation in high risk patients or when access problems are anticipated.",
"Identifier: ISRCTN35739639.",
"The indications for intravenous thrombolysis in patients with IS should be strictly analysed so that the treatment is effective and safe especially in older patients, patients with greater severity of neurological symptoms and patients with old post-stroke lesions in baseline CT.",
"The mean CHADS₂ score and CHA₂DS₂-VASc (CHADS₂ score plus 2 points for age ≥75 years and 1 point for vascular disease, age 65 to 74 years, or female sex) score were 2.8 ± 1.2 and 4.4 ± 1.7, respectively. History of hemorrhagic/bleeding tendencies (93%) was the most common reason for warfarin ineligibility. Mean duration of follow-up was 14.4 ± 8.6 months. Serious procedure- or device-related safety events occurred in 8.7% of patients (13 of 150 patients). All-cause stroke or systemic embolism occurred in 4 patients (2.3% per year): ischemic stroke in 3 patients (1.7% per year) and hemorrhagic stroke in 1 patient (0.6% per year). This ischemic stroke rate was less than that expected (7.3% per year) based on the CHADS₂ scores of the patient cohort.",
"Clinically relevant QT interval prolongations can be detected during first-in-man studies using high-quality ECG monitoring. Such data may facilitate early decision making on whether to terminate the development of a compound and invest resources in more promising molecules; and it may enable more efficient TQT study design or preclude the need for future TQT studies.",
"Amodiaquine (AQ) is an antimalarial drug that was frequently combined with artesunate (AS) for the treatment of uncomplicated malaria due to Plasmodium falciparum and is now available as a fixed-dose combination. Despite its widespread use, the simultaneous pharmacokinetics in patients of AQ and its active metabolite, desethylamodiaquine (DAQ), were not characterized to date. The pharmacokinetics of AQ and DAQ in 54 adult patients receiving the AS/AQ combination were therefore investigated by the use of a population approach. AQ followed a 1-compartment model with first-order absorption and elimination, as well as a first-order and irreversible transformation into DAQ, which in turn followed a 2-compartment model with first-order elimination from its central compartment. The mean AQ apparent clearance and distribution volume were 3,410 liters/h and 39,200 liters, respectively. The mean terminal elimination half-life of DAQ was 211 h. Body weight was found to explain the interindividual variability of the apparent volume of distribution of AQ and the elimination rate constant of DAQ. A new dosage form consisting of a fixed-dose combination of AS and AQ was found to have no effect on the pharmacokinetic parameters of AQ and DAQ. All patients achieved parasite clearance within 4 days following the initiation of the treatment, which prevented investigation of the possible relationship between DAQ exposure and treatment outcome. This study provided the first simultaneous pharmacokinetic model for AQ and DAQ.",
"In the CHOIR trial, average epoetin-alfa doses >10,095 units/week were associated with increased risks for cardiovascular events irrespective of the Hb achieved within the first 4 months of treatment. These data suggest the weekly epoetin-alfa dose and not the Hb achieved was a principal determinant in the primary outcome observed implicating a cardiovascular toxicity of this erythrocyte-stimulating agent.",
"Efficacy of BI 44370 TA was shown in a dose-dependent manner in the treatment of acute migraine attacks.",
"The severity of exfoliation glaucoma presentation and its course may differ within distinct geographic populations in Europe.",
"Treatment with travoprost decreased IOP significantly and was associated with CCT thinning, which had little or no effect on actual IOP decrease. In the OAG group, IOP decrease was found to be statistically smaller in patients with thicker corneas.",
"Stress cardiac magnetic resonance imaging effectively reclassifies patient risk beyond standard clinical variables, specifically in patients at moderate to high pretest clinical risk and in patients with previous coronary artery disease.",
"The long-term reproducibility of the EP efficacy of quinidine in patients with idiopathic VF and Brugada syndrome is excellent. EP-guided quinidine therapy represents a valuable long-term alternative to ICD therapy in these patients.",
"Study vaccine Ad35.CS.01 at four different dose levels was well-tolerated and modestly immunogenic in this population. These results suggest that Ad35.CS.01 should be further investigated for preliminary efficacy in human challenge models and as part of heterologous prime-boost vaccination strategies.",
"Single procedure success seems to be higher with SICTRA but repeated catheter ablation potentially results in comparable outcomes in treating patients with LS-AF and RHD during long-term follow-up. More macro-reentrant ATs and more PV recoveries are identified to be responsible for ATa in SICTRA and catheter ablation group, respectively.",
"FOREseal is an ergonomic, safe, and promising new material instead of nonabsorbable materials and xenomaterials for staple-line reinforcement. A randomized comparative study is now in progress.",
"Intrapatient comparisons showed that most patients with migraine reported significantly improved effectiveness and tolerability ratings with frovatriptan versus previous acute therapies.",
"Rapid diagnostic tests (RDTs) were developed as an alternative to microscopy for malaria diagnosis. The RDTs detect malaria parasite antigen(s) in whole blood with high sensitivity and specificity. We assessed health worker malaria treatment practices after the introduction of RDTs in peripheral health facilities without microscopy. From December 2007 to October 2008, we introduced histidine-rich protein II (HRP-2)-based ParaHIT RDTs for routine use in 12 health facilities in Rufiji District, Tanzania. Health workers received training on how to perform RDTs for patients 5 years of age or older with fever or suspected malaria. Children < 5 years of age were to be treated empirically per national guidelines. Among the 30,195 patients seen at these 12 health facilities, 10,737 (35.6%) were tested with an RDT for malaria. 88.3% (9,405/10,648) of tested patients reported fever or history of fever and 2.7% (289/10,677) of all tested individuals were children < 5 years of age. The RDT results were recorded for 10,650 patients (99.2%). Among the 5,488 (51.5%) RDT-positive patients, 5,256 (98.6%) were treated with an appropriate first-line antimalarial per national guidelines (artemether-lumefantrine or quinine). Among the 5,162 RDT-negative patients, only 205 (4.0%) were treated with an antimalarial. Other reported treatments included antibiotics and antipyretics. Implementation of RDTs in rural health facilities resulted in high adherence to national treatment guidelines. Patients testing negative by RDT were rarely treated with antimalarials. Unapproved antimalarials were seldom used. Health workers continued to follow guidelines for the empiric treatment of febrile children.",
"In the current context, school-based IST is a relatively expensive malaria intervention, but reducing the complexity of delivery can result in considerable savings in the cost of intervention. (Costs are reported in US$ 2010).",
"Plasma concentrations were obtained from 9,183 patients, with 112 ischemic strokes/systemic emboli (1.3%) and 323 major bleeds (3.8%) recorded. Dabigatran levels were dependent on renal function, age, weight, and female sex, but not ethnicity, geographic region, ASA use, or clopidogrel use. A multiple logistic regression model (c-statistic 0.657, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.61 to 0.71) showed that the risk of ischemic events was inversely related to trough dabigatran concentrations (p = 0.045), with age and previous stroke (both p < 0.0001) as significant covariates. Multiple logistic regression (c-statistic 0.715, 95% CI: 0.69 to 0.74) showed major bleeding risk increased with dabigatran exposure (p < 0.0001), age (p < 0.0001), ASA use (p < 0.0003), and diabetes (p = 0.018) as significant covariates.",
"The prevalence and prognostic importance of diastolic dysfunction in type 2 diabetes has only recently been appreciated. We tested the hypothesis that in insulin treated type 2 diabetes (D), carbohydrate consumption induces oxidative stress resulting in further impairment of diastolic function beyond structural myocardial stiffness. The effects of a pure carbohydrate breakfast (48 g) on oxidative stress and cardiac function were studied in the fasting and postmeal states in subjects without hypertension or overt cardiac disease (moderately well controlled D, n=21 and controls without D, n=20). Studied variables included systolic and early diastolic (E') myocardial velocities, traditional metabolic and hemodynamic parameters, serum nitrotyrosine, and sVCAM-1. In D compared to control subjects, the postmeal increase (∆) in glucose (1.44±2.78 vs. 0.11±0.72 mmol/l, p=0.04) and ∆nitrotyrosine (0.34±0.37 vs. -0.23±0.47 nM/l, p<0.001) were significantly higher. sVCAM-1 was higher in fasting and postmeal (p=0.02). E' was significantly lower in postmeal (7.3±1.3 vs. 9.6±1.3 cm/s, p<0.001) and fasting (p<0.001) whereas the rate pressure product was significantly higher (9 420±1 118 vs. 7 705±1 871 mm Hg/min, p<0.001). Multivariable regression models of the pooled data demonstrated that independent predictors for postmeal E' were ∆nitrotyrosine and septal thickness (R² 0.466) and for fasting E' age, ∆nitrotyrosine, and septal thickness (R² 0.400). In insulin requiring type 2 diabetes, carbohydrate consumption may induce oxidative stress that is associated with worsening diastolic function, indicating that this metabolic factor is an important determinant of diastolic dysfunction in the diabetic heart beyond the increase in structural myocardial stiffness.",
"Twenty milligrams or 40 mg of metoclopramide is no better for acute migraine than 10 mg of metoclopramide.",
"In this study, we tested the hypothesis that impaired midwall shortening predicts cardiovascular (CV) mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM). In patients with DM without overt cardiac disease, systolic left ventricular (LV) function analyzed by midwall shortening may be impaired although LV ejection fraction is preserved. Impaired midwall shortening is an early independent prognosticator of adverse clinical outcome in patients with arterial hypertension. We analyzed the echocardiographic data from 360 outpatients with DM collected during the years 1990 to 2007. Patients had no history or symptoms attributable to cardiac disease. Stress-corrected midwall shortening (sc-MS) was taken as index of systolic LV function and considered impaired if <89%. The study outcome was CV mortality. At baseline, impaired sc-MS was detected in 140 patients (39%). During a mean follow-up period of 11 years, 54 patients (15%) died, 31 (8.6%) of them from CV causes. CV deaths occurred in 21 of 140 patients (15%) with impaired sc-MS and in 10 of 220 patients (4.5%) with normal sc-MS (p=0.006). Multivariate Cox regression analysis revealed that impaired sc-MS (hazard ratio 1.03, 95% confidence interval 1.01 to 1.08, p=0.039), together with lower estimated glomerular filtration rate (hazard ratio 0.96, 95% confidence interval 0.93 to 0.99, p=0.004), was independently associated with CV mortality even after adjustment for age, diabetes duration, hemoglobin A1c, left atrial diameter, and heart valve calcium. In conclusion, subclinical systolic LV dysfunction as measured by sc-MS occurs frequently in patients with DM without overt cardiac disease and independently predicts long-term CV mortality in such patients together with lower estimated glomerular filtration rate.",
"Diabetes considerably increases risk of early mortality during TB treatment. The effect may not be explained by increased severity of TB, but could be due to impaired TB treatment response. Research is needed to clarify the mechanism and to assess whether glycaemic control improves survival.",
"It is recommended that all programs providing MDR-TB treatment address these six areas during program development and implementation.",
"Anodal tDCS over the visual cortex is thus able to increase habituation to repetitive visual stimuli in healthy volunteers and in episodic migraineurs, who on average lack habituation interictally. Moreover, 2 weekly sessions of anodal tDCS had a significant preventive anti- migraine effect, proofing the concept that the low preactivation level of the visual cortex in migraine patients can be corrected by an activating neurostimulation. The therapeutic results indicate that a larger sham-controlled trial using the same tDCS protocol is worthwhile.",
"HIV patients with TB have significantly better survival if they receive HAART during anti-tuberculosis treatment. Efavirenz-based HAART is associated with fewer AEs than protease inhibitor-based HAART.",
"Atorvastatin 10, 20, 40, and 80 mg significantly reduced LDL cholesterol (39%, 47%, 52%, and 56%, respectively) and apolipoprotein B levels (33%, 37%, 42%, and 46%, respectively) after 2 months of therapy when compared with either baseline (all p < 0.001 by paired t test) or placebo (p < 0.001 by analysis of variance [ANOVA]). Atorvastatin 10, 20, 40, and 80 mg significantly increased fasting plasma insulin (mean changes: 25%, 42%, 31%, and 45%, respectively) and glycated hemoglobin levels (2%, 5%, 5%, and 5%, respectively) when compared with either baseline (all p < 0.05 by paired t test) or placebo (p = 0.009 for insulin and p = 0.008 for glycated hemoglobin by ANOVA). Atorvastatin 10, 20, 40, and 80 mg decreased insulin sensitivity (1%, 3%, 3%, and 4%, respectively) when compared with either baseline (p = 0.312, p = 0.008, p < 0.001, and p = 0.008, respectively, by paired t test) or placebo (p = 0.033 by ANOVA).",
"Heart disease remains a leading cause of death worldwide. Owing to the limited regenerative capacity of heart tissue, cardiac regenerative therapy has emerged as an attractive approach. Direct reprogramming of human cardiac fibroblasts (HCFs) into cardiomyocytes may hold great potential for this purpose. We reported previously that induced cardiomyocyte-like cells (iCMs) can be directly generated from mouse cardiac fibroblasts in vitro and vivo by transduction of three transcription factors: Gata4, Mef2c, and Tbx5, collectively termed GMT. In the present study, we sought to determine whether human fibroblasts also could be converted to iCMs by defined factors. Our initial finding that GMT was not sufficient for cardiac induction in HCFs prompted us to screen for additional factors to promote cardiac reprogramming by analyzing multiple cardiac-specific gene induction with quantitative RT-PCR. The addition of Mesp1 and Myocd to GMT up-regulated a broader spectrum of cardiac genes in HCFs more efficiently compared with GMT alone. The HCFs and human dermal fibroblasts transduced with GMT, Mesp1, and Myocd (GMTMM) changed the cell morphology from a spindle shape to a rod-like or polygonal shape, expressed multiple cardiac-specific proteins, increased a broad range of cardiac genes and concomitantly suppressed fibroblast genes, and exhibited spontaneous Ca(2+) oscillations. Moreover, the cells matured to exhibit action potentials and contract synchronously in coculture with murine cardiomyocytes. A 5-ethynyl-2'-deoxyuridine assay revealed that the iCMs thus generated do not pass through a mitotic cell state. These findings demonstrate that human fibroblasts can be directly converted to iCMs by defined factors, which may facilitate future applications in regenerative medicine.",
"Atorvastatin can reduce oxygen free radicals developed in reperfusion, imposing protective effect on the myocardial cell during ischemic reperfusion injury.",
"ClinicalTrials.gov TRI08888.",
"The social acceptability and durability of two house screening interventions were addressed using focus group discussions, questionnaires, indoor climate measurements, and durability surveys. Participants recognized that screening stopped mosquitoes (79-96%) and other insects (86-98%) entering their houses. These and other benefits were appreciated by significantly more recipients of full screening than users of screened ceilings. Full screened houses were 0.26°C hotter at night (P = 0.05) than houses with screened ceilings and 0.51°C (P < 0.001) hotter than houses with no screening (28.43°C), though only 9% of full screened house users and 17% of screened ceiling users complained about the heat. Although 71% of screened doors and 85% of ceilings had suffered some damage after 12 months, the average number of holes of any size was < 5 for doors and < 7 for ceilings. In conclusion, house screening is a well-appreciated and durable vector control tool.",
"Controversy persists regarding the use of antibiotics in association with t tube thoracostomy for trauma patients. We conducted a prospective randomized study of patients requiring tube thoracostomy for pneumo- and/or hemothorax complicating blunt or penetrating thoracic trauma in an attempt to assess the efficacy of prophylactic antibiotic therapy. Fifty-eight patients were included in the study. The control group (Group I) included 28 patients who received no antibiotic therapy: the experimental group (Group II) included 30 patients who received cefoxitin (1.0 gm IV q 6 h) commencing before tube thoracostomy and terminating 12 hours after its removal. The incidence of infectious complications (pneumonia and/or empyema) was recorded. Among the patients not receiving antibiotics, eight of 28 (29%) developed infectious chest complications. Of the patients receiving antibiotics, there was one infectious complication (3%). This difference is statistically significant (p = 0.0227). Cultures demonstrated significant conversion from negative to positive both within each group and between groups. The organism most commonly recovered was S. aureus. Our findings strongly suggest that patients requiring tube thoracostomy for trauma, whether blunt or penetrating, should receive the benefit of systemic prophylactic antibiotic therapy.",
"This study provides the normal range of LA strain, strain rate and velocity in 3 age groups, which are closely correlated with LA and LV function. The detailed assessment of LA phasic mechanics by 2DSTE may prove to be an important tool for future clinical studies.",
"Lack of point-of-care tests for tuberculosis (TB) result in diagnostic delay, and increased mortality and healthcare-related costs. The urine Determine(TM) TB-LAM point-of-care strip-test was evaluated in 335 prospectively-recruited hospitalised patients with suspected TB-HIV co-infection (group 1) and from 88 HIV-infected hospitalised patients with non-TB diagnoses (group 2). Cut-off point-specific analyses were performed using: 1) a microbiological reference standard (culture positive versus negative); and 2) a composite reference standard (exclusion of patients with clinical-TB from the culture-negative group). Using the microbiological reference and the manufacturer-recommended grade-1 cut-off point, LAM sensitivity and specificity was 66% (95% CI 57-74%). By contrast, using the composite reference sensitivity was 60% (95% CI 53-67%) and specificity improved to 96% (95% CI 89-100%) (p=0.001). The same pattern was seen when the grade-2 cut-off point was used (specificity 75% versus 96%; p=0.01). In group two patients specificity was poor using the grade-1 cut-off point, but improved significantly when the grade-2 cut-off point was used (90% versus 99%; p=0.009). The grade-2 cut-off point also offered superior inter-reader reliability (p=0.002). Sensitivity was highest in those with a CD4 <200 cells per mL. LAM combined with smear-microscopy was able to rule-in TB in 71% of Mycobacterium tuberculosis culture-positive patients. This preliminary study indicates that the LAM strip-test may be a potentially useful rapid rule-in test for TB in hospitalised patients with advanced immunosuppression. The grade 2, but not the manufacturer-recommended grade 1 cut-off point, offered superior rule-in utility and inter-reader reliability. Larger studies to evaluate cut-off points and diagnostic accuracy are urgently required.",
"In patients with type 2 diabetes and overt nephropathy, over 30% reduction of UPCR compared with baseline and/or residual UPCR<1.0 g/gCr at 24 weeks predicted renoprotection. These values may be used as targets to guide anti-proteinuric and renoprotective therapy in diabetic nephropathy.",
"ISRCTN84636255.",
"Clinically, these data suggest that switching patients from latanoprost to bimatoprost may result in further improvement in IOP control.",
"This study was funded by Angewandte Klinische Forschung, University of Tübingen (252-1-0).",
"Prisoners are one of the most important risk groups with high burden of tuberculosis in Turkey. This result highlights the need for adequate case- finding strategies in prisons.",
"In a population sample of individuals with EM, more than 40% have at least 1 unmet need in the area of acute treatment. The leading reasons for unmet needs, which include headache-related disability and dissatisfaction with current acute treatment, suggest opportunities for improving outcomes for persons with EM.",
"Aeras, Wellcome Trust, and Oxford-Emergent Tuberculosis Consortium (OETC).",
"In an observational study of oral hormone therapy users, CEEs use was associated with a higher risk of incident venous thrombosis and possibly myocardial infarction than estradiol use. This risk differential was supported by biologic data. These findings need replication and suggest that various oral estrogen drugs may be associated with different levels of cardiovascular risk.",
"The effectiveness of thoracoscopy in children with parapneumonic pleural effusion at the fibrinopurulent stage was 88%. The procedure was safe, with a low rate of severe complications. Thoracoscopy should be the first-choice treatment for children with parapneumonic pleural effusion at the fibrinopurulent stage.",
"This study indicates that not only is time perception impaired in migraineurs, but that this impairment is exhibited for durations in the milliseconds range, and not the seconds range.",
"A standard 3-day artesunate-containing antimalarial regimen had no detectable effect on CMV viremia in children with malaria. Longer treatment courses and/or higher doses of artesunate than those routinely used for malaria may be required for effective treatment of CMV infection.",
"The use of periclavicular brachial plexus block as regional anaesthesia for surgical procedures on the upper extremity is common. However, the proximity of the pleura results in a risk of pneumothorax. Without ultrasound monitoring, the pneumothorax risk has been reported to be as high as 6.1%. We conducted a prospective, observational study to examine the risk of pneumothorax in 6366 ultrasound-guided periclavicular plexus blocks. All patients with a clinically manifest and radiologically confirmed pneumothorax were analysed. Clinically symptomatic pneumothorax occurred in four patients (0.06%; 95% CI 0.001-0.124), in three of them after a two-day latency period. Ultrasound guidance does therefore appear to reduce the risk of pneumothorax. Although all of the anaesthesiologists involved in the complications had previously performed fewer than 20 blocks, we are not able to confirm that a block experience ≤ 20 is a significant risk factor. Faulty image-setting, inability to obtain a view of the needle tip and inadequate supervision are likely to be important risk factors.",
"Patients with established glaucoma have only slightly greater knowledge than newly diagnosed patients, with both patient groups harbouring significant misconceptions regarding glaucoma. Educational programmes and material should be tailored to address these misconceptions.",
"Administration of anticoagulation for elderly patients with a CHADS2 score at 2 or more in the setting of sepsis can be associated with an increased risk of anticoagulation-related complications (eg, bleeding, heparin-induced thrombocytopenia). Managing and targeting a therapeutic goal with warfarin therapy in critically ill patients with sepsis is challenging. Further studies are necessary to provide appropriate recommendations in this setting.",
"We evaluated the efficacy of dexamethasone (DEX) in anti-SSA/Ro-exposed fetuses newly diagnosed with congenital heart block. Previous use of DEX has been anecdotal with varying reports of therapeutic benefit. This was a multicenter, open-label, nonrandomized study involving 30 pregnancies treated with DEX (22 with third-degree block, 6 with second-degree block, 2 with first-degree block) and 10 untreated (9 with third-degree block, 1 with first-degree block). Initial median ventricular rates, age at diagnosis, and degree of cardiac dysfunction were similar between groups. Six deaths occurred in the DEX group. There was no reversal of third-degree block with therapy or spontaneously. In fetuses treated with DEX, 1/6 with second-degree block progressed to third-degree block and 3 remained in second-degree block (postnatally 1 paced, 2 progressed to third degree); 2 reverted to normal sinus rhythm (NSR; postnatally 1 progressed to second degree). DEX reversed the 2 fetuses with first-degree block to NSR by 7 days with no regression at discontinuation. Absent DEX, the 1 with first-degree block detected at 38 weeks had NSR at birth (overall stability or improvement in 4 of 8 in the DEX group vs 1 of 1 in the non-DEX group). Median gestational birth age was 37 weeks in the DEX group versus 38 weeks in the non-DEX group (p = 0.019). Prematurity and small size for gestational age were restricted to the DEX group. Pacemaker use and growth parameters at birth and 1 year were similar between groups. In conclusion, these data confirm the irreversibility of third-degree block and progression of second- to third-degree block despite DEX. A potential benefit of DEX in reversing first- or second-degree block was supported in rare cases but should be weighed against potential steroid side effects such as growth restriction.",
"In a large national screening database, there is a strong, consistent relationship between ABI levels and a history of prevalent MI, stroke, and MI/stroke.",
"On our experience, we advocate the low lateral approach to the internal jugular vein as first choice technique for venipuncture in both adults and children for both short and long-term central venous approach, because it is associated to high rate of outcome and to low rate of complications in comparison with other techniques.",
"The addition of EGM-guided ablation requires fewer procedures to achieve similar clinical efficacy in mid-term follow-up compared with a PVI-only strategy in patients with PsAF presenting for ablation in SR.",
"In an era of increasing utilization of PVI, a growing proportion of patients undergo LEB in the setting of a prior failed PVI or surgical bypass. When caring for patients with peripheral arterial disease, physicians should recognize that first treatment failure (PVI or LEB) affects the success of subsequent revascularizations.",
"Asymptomatic PAF/PAFL was not rare in symptomatic patients, and flecainide reduced both symptomatic and asymptomatic episodes.",
"MVA85A was safe and immunogenic in persons with HIV and/or M.tb infection. These results support further evaluation of safety and efficacy of this vaccine for prevention of TB in these target populations.",
"Irisin was first identified as a peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor γ co-activator-1α (PGC-1α) dependent myokine with the potential to induce murine brown-fat-like development of white adipose tissue. In humans, the regulatory effect of training on muscle FNDC5 mRNA expression and subsequently irisin levels in plasma is more controversial. We recruited 26 inactive men (13 normoglycaemic and normal weight, controls; and 13 slightly hyperglycaemic and overweight, pre-diabetes group) aged 40-65 years for a 12-week intervention of combined endurance and strength training with four sessions of training per week. Before and after the 12-week intervention period, participants were exposed to an acute endurance workload of 45 min at 70% of VO(2max), and muscle biopsies were taken prior to and after exercise. Skeletal muscle mRNA for PGC1A and FNDC5 correlated and both PGC1A and FNDC5 mRNA levels increased after 12 weeks of training in both control and pre-diabetes subjects. Circulating irisin was reduced in response to 12 weeks of training, and was increased acutely (~1.2-fold) just after acute exercise. Plasma concentration of irisin was higher in pre-diabetes subjects compared with controls. There was little effect of 12 weeks of training on selected browning genes in subcutaneous adipose tissue. UCP1 mRNA did not correlate with FNDC5 expression in subcutaneous adipose tissue or skeletal muscle or with irisin levels in plasma. We observed no enhancing effect of long-term training on circulating irisin levels, and little or no effect of training on browning of subcutaneous white adipose tissue in humans.",
"Almotriptan 12.5 mg was well tolerated in this adolescent population over a 12-month period. No unexpected safety or tolerability concerns were revealed over the course of this study. The results are consistent with almotriptan 12.5 mg being effective for the acute treatment of pain and symptoms associated with migraine in both younger and older adolescents.",
"AF was a common complication of AVR with a cumulative incidence of >40% in elderly patients with degenerative AS who underwent either SAVR or TAVR. AF was most common with SAVR and least common with TF-TAVR. Procedures without pericardiotomy were associated with a lower incidence of AF.",
"The overall benefits of dabigatran for stroke/SE prevention, and major and intracranial bleeding, relative to warfarin in the RE-LY trial were consistent in patients with and without HF.",
"null",
"Minimally invasive epicardial ICD coil implantation in children with low DFT values is possible. The anterior implantation approach appears superior to the posterior approach.",
"Fixed-combination brimonidine-timolol was as effective as latanoprost in reducing IOP in patients with glaucoma or ocular hypertension. Both treatments demonstrated favorable ocular tolerability. The duration of the study was 12 weeks, and additional studies will be needed to compare the efficacy and safety of fixed-combination brimonidine-timolol and latanoprost during long-term treatment.",
"Atorvastatin was not statistically superior to placebo with regards to maintaining SR 30 days after CV in patients with persistent AF.",
"Patients switched to a high-potency statin had a significantly reduced mortality compared with simvastatin monotherapy. There was no observed mortality benefit in the ezetimibe group.",
"Landiolol is more effective and safer than diltiazem for patients with postoperative AF after open heart surgery.",
"isrctn.org ISRCTN37517549.",
"Von Hippel-Lindau (VHL) disorder is an autosomal dominant disease characterized by the almost constant development of hemangioblastomas in the central nervous system (cerebellum, spinal cord and retina). In addition, various types of tumors including renal cell carcinomas, pancreatic cysts and pheochromocytomas are frequently observed in VHL gene carriers. Linkage of the VHL locus to the RAF-1 oncogene on the short arm of chromosome 3 (3p25-26) has been recently reported. Pheochromocytoma is of particular interest because of the risk of inaugural malignant hypertensive crisis but especially because of a great degree of interfamily variability (from 0 to 92% of affected members in previously reported large kindreds). We have studied a French series of 25 pheochromocytoma (11 males, 14 females) in VHL affected patients. Twenty pheochromocytoma (80%) occurred in a familial context, whereas 5 (20%) were consistent with "apparent sporadic cases". The mean age at pheochromocytoma diagnosis was 27 years (5-55 years). Bilateral tumours have been documented in 13 cases (52%). The prevalence of pheochromocytoma revealing VHL was 14 out 25 (56%). In these cases, VHL diagnosis was considered up to 25 years later. In 6 cases (2 deceased) pheochromocytoma was the only manifestation of VHL. Thus, search for VHL must be systematic in the presence of pheochromocytoma, in the interest of the patients themselves and of potential at-risk family members (prevention of hypertensive crisis linked to latent tumours). Basic check-up (neurological and somatic examination, ophthalmoscopy, familial inquiry) may be completed with cerebral CT scan or MRI and abdominal ultrasonography followed, if positive or doubtful, by abdominal MRI or selective angiography.",
"Our findings suggest chlorpropamide, glipizide, glyburide, insulin, and rosiglitazone increased severity-adjusted mortality in veterans with type 2 diabetes. A decision aid that could optimize selection of hypoglycemic medications based on patients' comorbidities might increase patients' survival.",
"Shin Poong Pharmaceutical and the Medicines for Malaria Venture.",
"When steroids are added to standard abortive therapy for migraine headaches, they are effective and safe for preventing moderate or severe headache recurrence.",
"Brimonidine/timolol fixed-combination therapy is as safe and effective as concomitant treatment with the individual components. Its simplified dosing regimen has the potential to improve compliance.",
"The effectiveness of a brief acceptance and commitment additive therapy in the treatment of Iranian outpatient females with chronic headache represents a significant scientific finding and clinical progress, as it implies that this kind of treatment can be effectively delivered in a hospital setting.",
"Notwithstanding recommendations from international guidelines, simple aspiration and intercostal tube drainage with small-bore catheters were not commonly employed in the management of hospitalised patients with the various types of pneumothoraces in Hong Kong.",
"anzctr.org.au Identifier: ACTRN12610000497000.",
"Replacing TST with IGRA for determining LTBI allowed the proportion of patients with immune-mediated inflammatory diseases needing prophylactic anti-TB antibiotics before beginning anti-TNF agents to be reduced by half.",
"Tuberculosis is the most prevalent infection worldwide. The emergence of drug-resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis (M. tuberculosis) isolates emphasizes that it is necessary to monitor drug resistance of the organism against anti-tubercular drugs. We analyzed 327 M. tuberculosis isolates from patients who were cared for at three different health care centers, hereinafter known as study areas (SAs), in North India. Of the 327 total M. tuberculosis isolates, 255 were from a tertiary health care center (Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh [SA-1]), 48 were from a District tuberculosis center (Sawai Madhopur, Rajasthan [SA-2]), and 24 were from a different District tuberculosis center (Buxar, Bihar [SA-3]). Drug susceptibility testing against first-line antibiotics (viz. isoniazid, rifampicin, streptomycin, and ethambutol) was conducted for all the isolates using 1% proportional method. We found that the rates of acquired resistance were consistently higher than the rates of initial drug resistance. In new, untreated cases, a higher degree of MDR-TB was observed at SA-1 (13.3%) and SA-3 (25.0%), whereas it was observed in only 7.1% of the isolates at SA-2. In previously treated patients, MDR cases were found in 35.7% of the isolates from SA-1, 66.6% of the isolates from SA-2, and 43.8% of the isolates from SA-3. Resistance to a single drug was found at a much lower rate, ranging from 0.0 to 6.3% in new cases as well as previously treated cases. In conclusion, the primary resistance of M. tuberculosis is low, but acquired drug resistance is slightly higher in North India.",
"Allodynic symptoms occurred in 57.1% patients with migraine. In allodynic patients with moderate-to-severe headache, rizatriptan resulted in greater pain relief compared with ibuprofen. These results need further confirmation in larger study.",
"Insufficient clinical trial data were available to prove the efficacy of acupuncture for migraine prophylaxis. A multicenter, double-dummy, single-blinded, randomized controlled clinical trial was conducted at the outpatient departments of acupuncture at 5 hospitals in China to evaluate the effectiveness of acupuncture. A total of 140 patients with migraine without aura were recruited and assigned randomly to 2 different groups: the acupuncture group treated with verum acupuncture plus placebo and the control group treated with sham acupuncture plus flunarizine. Treated by acupuncture 3 times per week and drugs every night, patients from both groups were evaluated at week 0 (baseline), week 4, and week 16. The primary outcome was measured by the proportion of responders (defined as the proportion of patients with a reduction of migraine days by at least 50%). The secondary outcome measures included the number of migraine days, visual analogue scale (VAS, 0 to 10 cm) for pain, as well as the physical and mental component summary scores of the 36-item short-form health survey (SF-36). The patients in the acupuncture group had better responder rates and fewer migraine days compared with the control group (P<.05), whereas there were no significant differences between the 2 groups in VAS scores and SF-36 physical and mental component summary scores (P>.05). The results suggested that acupuncture was more effective than flunarizine in decreasing days of migraine attacks, whereas no significantly differences were found between acupuncture and flunarizine in reduction of pain intensity and improvement of the quality of life.",
"MK-0507A has a significantly superior IOP-lowering effect relative to timolol. MK-0507A also showed a non-inferior IOP-lowering effect relative to the concomitant therapy. MK-0507A was safe compared to both timolol and concomitant therapy.",
"Forskolin and rutin given as oral treatment appear to contribute to a better control and a further small reduction of IOP in patients who were poorly responsive to multitherapy treatment.",
"Hepatotoxicity is not a major concern when HIV-infected TB patients, with normal baseline liver function initiate treatment for both infections simultaneously.",
"Program for Appropriate Technology in Health Malaria Vaccine Initiative; GlaxoSmithKline Biologicals.",
"In moderate to severe primary mitral regurgitation without overt left ventricular dysfunction, 2DTTE significantly underestimates left ventricular remodelling in comparison to CMR. Measurement of the regurgitant orifice with planimetry by CMR shows good agreement with the PISA method by 2DTTE and thus may be a valuable alternative to assess mitral regurgitation severity.",
"The Belgian registry shows that LAA closure using the ACP device is feasible and safe. At 1-y follow-up, the observed stroke rate was 2.14%/year, less than predicted by the CHA2DS2-VASc score. Longer follow-up is needed to evaluate the long-term safety and its efficacy in reducing stroke.",
"Both adjunctive combinations moderately reduced IOP in patients inadequately controlled with travoprost monotherapy, with timolol being slightly stronger 8 hours after instillation. Adjunctive treatment with brinzolamide and travoprost may be an alternative for patients not tolerant or not responsive to treatment with timolol and travoprost.",
"Total correction of TOF can be performed with a very low mortality rate. However, the postoperative re-operation or re-intervention rates remain relatively high. Late RV dilatation after total repair of TOF was found to be associated with transannular patch enlargement and a longer postoperative ventilator support period.",
"In patients with paroxysmal AF undergoing ablation, DiFi from the PVs after their isolation was associated with improved ablation outcomes. It is possible that DiFi is an indicator of successful durable isolation of the PVs. The findings suggest that confirmation of exit block may be warranted to improve AF ablation outcomes.",
"This clinical and economical study compared two glycopeptides regimen i.e., vancomycin and teicoplanin in the treatment of osteoarticular infection involving methicillin-resistant staphylococcus. After randomization, 15 patients (group 1) received vancomycin (23 F per gram) in continuous infusion through a central venous catheter and 15 others (group 2) intramuscular teicoplanin (311-357 F a 400 mg vial). The clinical study focused on treatment tolerance in an in-patient setting as well as in a non in-patient one. The cost analysis focused on total expenses including those of antibiotics, those of medical devices for antibiotic administration and those of the complications caused by the antibiotics use. Total expenses per patient averaged 8744 F with vancomycin and 8555 F with teicoplanin (NS). The apparent money saving by using a cheap antibiotic (i.e. vancomycin) was illusionary as one took in account the expenses for medical devices e.g., central venous catheters required to administer vancomycin and the complications due to the use of these devices.",
"The present study demonstrates the safety and efficacy of the DFM system in surgical high risk patients with severe aortic stenosis and complex anatomy aortic regurgitation was less than moderate in 99% of patients.",
"Despite slight differences in pyrimethamine volumes of distribution and elimination half-life, these data show similar exposure to SP over the critical initial seven days of treatment and support the current use of SP in combination with either AQ or AS for uncomplicated falciparum malaria treatment in young Malian children.",
"In summary, this study would provide an insight into the probable signaling mechanisms for disease pathogenesis as well as progression. This type of study eventually would aid in developing or improvising existing treatment modules with a rational approach towards personalized medicine, in future addressing the differential responses to treatment.",
"GLS was a major parameter and stronger than LVEF and Sa in predicting adverse CV events and could offer an additional prognostic benefit over conventional clinical and echocardiographic systolic parameters in AF.",
"Compared with primary stenting, primary PTCA of infarct artery in STEMI patients was associated with significant increase in ischemia-driven target vessel revascularization (ITVR) rate, yet with no increased risk of major adverse cardiac events, reinfarction or death. Thus, provided close surveillance is maintained and prompt treatment initiated for early ischemic events, PTCA (particularly in those with stent-like balloon result) may be a reasonable and safe option in STEMI patients needing early CABG.",
"Both BTFC and LTFC were more effective versus the monotherapy with prostaglandin analogues. BTFC demonstrated higher performance than LTFC in terms of relative IOP reduction.",
"This multi centre observational cohort study gives a view about the occurrence, clinical and laboratory presentation, localization, histological type and genetic background of pheochromocytoma (PHEO) and paraganglioma (PGL) in Eastern Slovakia. It included 28 patients (18 women + 10 men), of which 23 were diagnosed to have PHEO (82,1%) and 7 patients (25%) suffered from PGL with retroperitoneal, inguinal/pelvic and mediastinal distribution. Arterial hypertension was the major symptom present in 86 % with slight dominance of paroxysmal form (58%). In 3 cases (10,7%), the diagnosis was gained after differentiation of adrenal incidentaloma in asymptomatic patients. Five patients (17,8%) were classified to have malignant form of the disease. 9 patients (32,1%) were confirmed to have hereditary form - five of them (17,8%) with familiar medullar thyroid cancer (FMTC) and mutations in RET gene classified as multiple endocrine neoplasia 2A and 4 patients (14,3%) with germline mutations of SDHB gene, respectively. There was found a relatively high occurrence of other co-morbidities: thyroid disease in 20 patients (71,4%), impairment of glucose metabolism in 11 patients (39,3%) and apart from FMTC, 4 patients (14,3%) suffered also from other malignancy. Together with a bigger size of the primary tumor (6,6 cm), higher concentrations of metanephrines and prevalence of extra-adrenal tumors, malignant and hereditary forms, we suppose genetic and environmental factors of Eastern Slovakia may play a role in the etiopathogenesis of the tumors.",
"We conclude that CKD and atrial fibrillation are associated with the occurrence of increased NT-pro-BNP, the surrogate for HF in elderly population. On the contrary, overweight or obesity is associated with lower prevalence of HF in elderly.",
"Extremely low-frequency daily-life electromagnetic fields do not disturb sensing capabilities of ICDs. However, strong 50-Hz electromagnetic fields, present in certain occupational environments, may cause inappropriate sensing, potentially leading to false detection of atrial/ventricular arrhythmic events. When the right atrial/right ventricular interferences are compared, the atrial lead is more susceptible to electromagnetic fields.",
"UMIN000011005.",
"Taflotan® significantly decreased the intraocular pressure. It was well tolerated even in patients with previous intolerability to another antiglaucomatous therapy, including prostaglandins. The patients and ophthalmologists satisfaction with Taflotan® was high.",
"Brinz/Tim FC is effective and well tolerated. In this study, patients switched to Brinz/Tim FC obtained further reduction in IOP with no effects on ocular surface status and improved quality of life perception: a better quality of life could determine a better adherence to prescribed therapy.",
"A periprocedural myocardial infarction, defined as the advent of new Q-waves or a creatine kinase-MB elevation >83 normal has been previously validated as predictive of subsequent mortality. We examined the effects of using this clinically relevant definition of periprocedural myocardial infarction instead of the original protocol definition on outcomes in the recent PROTECT II [A Prospective, Multi-center, Randomized Controlled Trial of the IMPELLA RECOVER LP 2.5 System Versus Intra Aortic Balloon Pump (IABP) in Patients Undergoing Non Emergent High Risk PCI] trial. In this trial, patients who were undergoing high-risk percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) were randomized to either an intraaortic balloon pump (IABP, n[211) or a left ventricular assist device (Impella, n[216). All eligible patients per study protocol were included in the analysis. Patient outcomes were compared up to 90 days, the longest available follow-up, on the composite end points of major adverse events (MAE) and major adverse cardiac and cerebral events (MACCE [ death, stroke, myocardial infarction, and repeat revascularization). At 90 days, the rates of both composite end points were lower in the Impella group compared with the IABP group (MAE, 37% vs 49%, p [ 0.014 respectively; MACCE, 22% vs 31%, p [ 0.034 respectively). There were no differences in death or large myocardial infarction between the 2 arms. By multivariable analysis, treatment with Impella as opposed to IABP was an independent predictor for freedom from MAE (odds ratio[0.75 [95% confidence interval 0.61 to 0.92], p[0.007) andMACCE (odds ratio[0.76 [95% confidence interval 0.61 to 0.96], p[0.020) at 90 days postprocedure. In conclusion, hemodynamic support with Impella compared with IABP during high-risk PCI in the PROTECT-II trial resulted in improved event-free survival at 3-month follow-up; this finding was further supported by multivariate analyses.",
"Despite optimal treatment, including renin-angiotensin system (RAS) inhibitors, patients with type 2 diabetic nephropathy have high cardiorenal morbidity and mortality related to residual albuminuria. We evaluated whether or not atrasentan, a selective endothelin A receptor antagonist, further reduces albuminuria when administered concomitantly with maximum tolerated labeled doses of RAS inhibitors. We enrolled 211 patients with type 2 diabetes, urine albumin/creatinine ratios of 300-3500 mg/g, and eGFRs of 30-75 ml/min per 1.73 m(2) in two identically designed, parallel, multinational, double-blind studies. Participants were randomized to placebo (n=50) or to 0.75 mg/d (n=78) or 1.25 mg/d (n=83) atrasentan for 12 weeks. Compared with placebo, 0.75 mg and 1.25 mg atrasentan reduced urine albumin/creatinine ratios by an average of 35% and 38% (95% confidence intervals of 24 to 45 and 28 to 47, respectively) and reduced albuminuria≥30% in 51% and 55% of participants, respectively. eGFR and office BP measurements did not change, whereas 24-hour systolic and diastolic BP, LDL cholesterol, and triglyceride levels decreased significantly in both treatment groups. Use of atrasentan was associated with a significant increase in weight and a reduction in hemoglobin, but rates of peripheral edema, heart failure, or other side effects did not differ between groups. However, more patients treated with 1.25 mg/d atrasentan discontinued due to adverse events. After stopping atrasentan for 30 days, measured parameters returned to pretreatment levels. In conclusion, atrasentan reduced albuminuria and improved BP and lipid spectrum with manageable fluid overload-related adverse events in patients with type 2 diabetic nephropathy receiving RAS inhibitors.",
"Life-threatening complications during TAVI can be managed using emergency vaECMO but mortality remains high. The use of prophylactic vaECMO in very high-risk patients is safe and may be advocated in selected cases.",
"These data from a clinical practice study support those from clinical trials, suggesting that PROs are not adversely affected, and may be improved, by injectable therapy initiation. PRO data may aid appropriate treatment selection for individual patients.",
"The management goal of sharp angular spinal deformity is to realign the spinal deformity and safely decompress the neurological elements. However, some shortcomings related to current osteotomy treatment for these deformities are still evident. We have developed a new spinal osteotomy technique-vertebral column decancellation (VCD), including multilevel vertebral decancellation, removal of residual disc, osteoclasis of the concave cortex, compression of the convex cortex accompanied by posterior instrumentation with pedicle screws, with the expectation to decrease surgical-related complications. From January 2004 to March 2007, 45 patients (27 males/18 females) with severe sharp angular spinal deformities at our institution underwent VCD. The diagnoses included 29 congenital kyphoscoliosis and 16 Pott's deformity. Preoperative and postoperative radiographic evaluation was performed. Intraoperative, postoperative and general complications were noted. For a kyphosis deformity, an average of 2.2 vertebrae was decancellated (range, 2-4 vertebrae). The mean preoperative kyphosis was +98.6° (range, 82°-138°), and the mean kyphosis in the immediate postoperative period was +16.4° (range, 4°-30°) with an average postoperative correction of +82.2° (range, 61°-124°). For a kyphoscoliosis deformity, the correction rate was 64% in the coronal plane (from 83.4°-30.0°) postoperatively and 32.5° (61% correction) at 2 years' follow-up. In the sagittal plane, the average preoperative curve of 88.5° was corrected to 28.6° immediately after surgery and to 31.0° at 2 years' follow-up. All patients had solid fusion at latest follow-up. Complications were encountered in eight patients (17.8%), including CSF leak (n = 1), deep wound infection (n = 1), epidural hematoma (n = 1), transient neurological deficit (n = 4), and complete paralysis (n = 1). The results of this study show that single-stage posterior VCD is an effective option to manage severe sharp angular spinal deformities.",
"Our findings suggest that the radical clearance of parasitemia with AL may increase susceptibility to malaria infection and clinical malaria episodes.",
"The "deficiency" hypothesis best explained how patient characteristics influenced changes in of headache self-efficacy with Behavioral Migraine Management.",
"Assessment of HRP-2 and aldolase co-reactivity can be of help in clinical decision making in the acute care setting of returning travellers suspected of having malaria.",
"This exploratory, observational study demonstrates that discharging low-risk STEMI patients within 2 days following PPCI is safe. For providers of health care, early discharge can help to allay the cost of providing a 24-hour PPCI service and adds to the recognized benefits arising from PPCI.",
"ISRCTN-62947977.",
"The incidence rate of AKI in hospitalized patients is increasing. However, relatively little attention has been paid to the association of AKI with long-term risk of adverse coronary events. Our study investigated hospitalized patients who recovered from de novo dialysis-requiring AKI between 1999 and 2008 using patient data collected from inpatient claims from Taiwan National Health Insurance. We used Cox regression with time-varying covariates to adjust for subsequent CKD and ESRD after discharge. Results were further validated by analysis of a prospectively constructed database. Among 17,106 acute dialysis patients who were discharged, 4869 patients recovered from dialysis-requiring AKI (AKI recovery group) and were matched with 4869 patients without AKI (non-AKI group). The incidence rates of coronary events were 19.8 and 10.3 per 1000 person-years in the AKI recovery and non-AKI groups, respectively. AKI recovery associated with higher risk of coronary events (hazard ratio [HR], 1.67; 95% confidence interval [95% CI], 1.36 to 2.04) and all-cause mortality (HR, 1.67; 95% CI, 1.57 to 1.79) independent of the effects of subsequent progression to CKD and ESRD. The risk levels of de novo coronary events after hospital discharge were similar in patients with diabetes alone and patients with AKI alone (P=0.23). Our results reveal that AKI with recovery associated with higher long-term risks of coronary events and death in this cohort, suggesting that AKI may identify patients with high risk of future coronary events. Enhanced postdischarge follow-up of renal function of patients who have recovered from temporary dialysis may be warranted.",
"Our results suggest that DST, standard anti-tuberculosis treatment and early cART may improve outcome for TB-HIV patients. The proposed HCI score provides a tool for future research and monitoring of the management of TB-HIV patients. The highest HCI score may serve as a benchmark to assess TB-HIV management, encouraging continuous health care improvement.",
"Regional disparities in the association between DM mortality and DM risk factors reaffirm the heterogeneous composition of the Panamanian population and the uneven distribution of biological and social determinant risk factors in the country and point to the need to vary management strategies by geographic area for this important cause of disability and death in Panama.",
"More than 20% of patients with acute MI treated in contemporary practice have a history of a prior MI; despite differences in the baseline risk profile, there was little difference in the adjusted risk of in-hospital mortality by prior-MI status.",
"This EP Wire survey shows a wide variation not only in indications for stand-alone, surgical AF ablation, but also in surgical techniques, lesion sets, follow-up, and outcome.",
"A randomized, controlled clinical trial established the efficacy and safety of short-term use of hydroxyurea in adult sickle cell anemia. To examine the risks and benefits of long-term hydroxyurea usage, patients in this trial were followed for 17.5 years during which they could start or stop hydroxyurea. The purpose of this follow-up was to search for adverse outcomes and estimate mortality. For each outcome and for mortality, exact 95% confidence intervals were calculated, or tests were conducted at alpha = 0.05 level (P-value <0.05 for statistical significance). Although the death rate in the overall study cohort was high (43.1%; 4.4 per 100 person-years), mortality was reduced in individuals with long-term exposure to hydroxyurea. Survival curves demonstrated a significant reduction in deaths with long-term exposure. Twenty-four percent of deaths were due to pulmonary complications; 87.1% occurred in patients who never took hydroxyurea or took it for <5 years. Stroke, organ dysfunction, infection, and malignancy were similar in all groups. Our results, while no longer the product of a randomized study because of the ethical concerns of withholding an efficacious treatment, suggest that long-term use of hydroxyurea is safe and might decrease mortality.",
"The authors have no proprietary or commercial interest in any materials discussed in this article.",
"During 2.3 years of continued treatment with dabigatran after RE-LY, there was a higher rate of major bleeding with dabigatran 150 mg twice daily in comparison with 110 mg, and similar rates of stroke and death.",
"Both morning and evening administration of TTFC provide effective 24-hour IOP reduction, but evening dosing demonstrates better 24-hour pressure control.",
"There were significant efficacy and safety differences among racial/ethnic groups in the DURABLE trial. These differences may be important in designing insulin based treatment plans.",
"Data from this large cohort of women do not suggest an association of the ACE deletion/insertion (D/I) polymorphism with migraine, migraine aura status, or cardiovascular disease (CVD). The increased risk for CVD among migraineurs with aura was only apparent for carriers of the DD/DI genotype. Due to limited number of outcome events, however, future studies are warranted to further investigate this association.",
"Retention of patients in long term care and adherence to treatment regimens are a constant challenge for HIV, prevention of mother to child transmission of HIV (PMTCT), and TB programmes in sub-Saharan Africa. This study describes the implementation and outcomes of an active defaulter tracing system used to reduce loss to follow-up (LTFU) among HIV, PMTCT, TB, and HIV/TB co-infected patients receiving treatment at three Médecins Sans Frontières clinics in the informal settlement of Kibera, Nairobi, Kenya. Patients are routinely contacted by a social worker via telephone, in-person visit, or both very soon after they miss an appointment. Patient outcomes identified through 1066 tracing activities conducted between 1 April 2008 and 31 March 2009 included: 59.4% returned to the clinic, 9.0% unable to return to clinic, 6.3% died, 4.7% refused to return to clinic, 4.5% went to a different clinic, and 0.8% were hospitalized. Fifteen percent of patients identified for tracing could not be contacted. LTFU among all HIV patients decreased from 21.2% in 2006 to 11.5% in 2009. An active defaulter tracing system is feasible in a resource poor setting, solicits feedback from patients, retains a mobile population of patients in care, and reduces LTFU among HIV, PMTCT, and TB patients.",
"The higher prevalence of diabetes mellitus in DOTS patients raises immediate concerns in preventing the morbidity due to both the diseases. Therefore, it is recommended that some strategy on the lines of HIV disease should be formed under DOTS for the concomitant treatment of TB and diabetes for better outcome and care.",
"In this pilot study it appears that trabeculectomy with OloGen does not seem to offer any significant advantages compared with trabeculectomy alone. Additionally, even though there were no statistical differences between the two groups as far as complications were concerned, one eye from the study group developed endophthalmitis 10 days after surgery and two eyes presented with positive Seidel test and flat anterior chamber and required additional suturing. Studies with larger numbers of patients and longer follow-ups are required to confirm these findings and to examine the safety and long-term outcomes of trabeculectomy with OloGen.",
"Pheochromocytoma is usually characterized by a marked increase in peripheral catecholamine secretion. Whether this is accompanied by an alteration in central sympathetic drive has not been clarified. In 6 patients with adrenal pheochromocytoma (mean+/-SEM age, 49. 3+/-7.2 years), we measured systolic and diastolic blood pressure (photoplethysmographic device), heart rate (ECG), venous plasma catecholamines (high-performance liquid chromatography), and postganglionic muscle sympathetic nerve activity (microneurography) before and 78.3+/-13 days after surgical removal of the tumor. In each experimental session, measurements were performed during (1) a 60-minute resting period to compare several values of sympathetic nerve traffic at similar blood pressures before and after surgery and (2) voluntary end-expiratory apnea, ie, a maneuver inducing sympathetic activation. Tumor removal significantly (P<0.05 at least) reduced plasma catecholamines, blood pressure, and heart rate. In contrast, muscle sympathetic nerve activity was significantly (P<0.01) increased, both when quantified as bursts per minute (from 28.1+/-5.7 to 54.3+/-7.5) and as bursts per 100 heartbeats (from 33. 4+/-5.6 to 65.1+/-6.5). This was also the case when data were evaluated in periods of 2 experimental sessions characterized by similar diastolic blood pressure values. The apnea maneuver induced sympathetic nerve traffic responses that were significantly (P<0.05) greater after surgery than before surgery. These data provide the first direct evidence that in pheochromocytoma central sympathetic outflow is markedly reduced and that this reduction cannot be ascribed to a reflex inhibitory response to elevated blood pressures. It is likely that this sympathoinhibition is rather due to a central depression of sympathetic outflow induced by high circulating catecholamines.",
"Angiotensin II and aldosterone are key factors responsible for the structural and neurohormonal remodeling of the atria and ventricles in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF). The aim of the present study was to evaluate the antiarrhythmic effects of spironolactone compared to angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors in patients with recurrent AF. A cohort of 164 consecutive patients (mean age 66 years, 87 men), with an average 4-year history of recurrent AF episodes, was enrolled in a prospective, randomized, 12-month trial with 4 treatment arms: group A, spironolactone, enalapril, and a β blocker; group B, spironolactone and a β blocker; group C, enalapril plus a β blocker; and group D, a β blocker alone. The primary end point of the trial was the presence of symptomatic AF episodes documented on the electrocardiogram. At 3-, 6-, 9-, and 12 months, a significant (p < 0.001) reduction had occurred in the incidence of AF episodes in both spironolactone-treated groups (group A, spironolactone, enalapril, and a β blocker; and group B, spironolactone plus a β blocker) compared to the incidence in patients treated with enalapril and a β blocker (group C) or a β blocker alone (group D). No significant difference was seen in AF recurrences between patients taking spironolactone and a β blocker with (group A) and without (group B) enalapril. No significant differences were found in the systolic or diastolic blood pressure or heart rate among the groups before and after 1 year of follow-up. In conclusion, combined spironolactone plus β-blocker treatment might be a simple and valuable option in preventing AF episodes in patients with normal left ventricular function and a history of refractory paroxysmal AF.",
"A 3-days postoperative infusion of magnesium is safe and effective in reduction of possibly life-threatening AF, in patients undergoing primary coronary artery bypass surgery.",
"The ameliorating effect of α-GI on post-prandial hyperglycemia without stimulating insulin secretion may improve atherogenic dyslipidemia by reducing insulin resistance. These effects are associated with its beneficial impact on oxidative stress, consequently leading to an improvement in endothelial dysfunction.",
"The use of hydroxyurea for the prevention of sickle cell crises in patients with homozygous HbS disease is now well established. The beneficial effects of this compound stem from (a) selective enrichment of red cells containing an increased amount of fetal hemoglobin, which inhibits HbS polymerization, and (b) a decrease of leukocytes, platelets, and reticulocytes, which significantly limits their adherence to the vascular wall. We report the results of a clinical trial of hydroxyurea on 55 Greek-origin patients with sickle cell/beta-thalassemia and 14 patients with homozygous HbS disease who have been treated with hydroxyurea for several years. Such patients have a higher probability to benefit from hydroxyurea therapy, since in addition to its antisickling effect, the increase of gamma-chain synthesis is expected to diminish the deleterious effects of the unbound alpha-globin chains. Selection of patients and monitoring throughout the whole trial were done by the same clinicians. Quantitative expression of the clinical condition was done using a system scoring several outcome parameters. For a period of 52 months prior to starting treatment, the total score of severity for 59 evaluable patients was 1182 points (3068 patient-weeks), while for the 12,018 patient-weeks of the trial this parameter fell to only 82 points. Other observations of interest include the significant improvement of a group of patients with hepatic cholestasis, the development of leg ulcers possibly related to the treatment, and the dramatic increase of hemoglobin F, often in association with an increase of the total hemoglobin levels as a result of decreased hemolysis.",
"Intermittent preventive treatment of malaria during pregnancy (IPTp) and insecticide-treated nets (ITN) are recommended malaria interventions during pregnancy; however, there is limited information on their efficacy in areas of low malaria transmission in sub-Saharan Africa. An individually-randomised placebo-controlled trial involving 5775 women of all parities examined the effect of IPTp, ITNs alone, or ITNs used in combination with IPTp on maternal anaemia and low birth weight (LBW) in a highland area of southwestern Uganda. The overall prevalence of malaria infection, maternal anaemia and LBW was 15.0%, 14.7% and 6.5%, respectively. Maternal and fetal outcomes were generally remarkably similar across all intervention groups (P>0.05 for all outcomes examined). A marginal difference in maternal haemoglobin was observed in the dual intervention group (12.57g/dl) compared with the IPTp and ITN alone groups (12.40g/dl and 12.44g/dl, respectively; P=0.04), but this was too slight to be of clinical importance. In conclusion, none of the preventive strategies was found to be superior to the others, and no substantial additional benefit to providing both IPTp and ITNs during routine antenatal services was observed. With ITNs offering a number of advantages over IPTp, yet showing comparable efficacy, we discuss why ITNs could be an appropriate preventive strategy for malaria control during pregnancy in areas of low and unstable transmission.",
"Compared with Exosurf, Infasurf provided more effective therapy for RDS as assessed by significant reductions in the severity of respiratory disease and in the incidence of air leak complications.",
"The prophylactic effect of amitriptyline seen in our study was rather weak and did not differ between the two treatment groups. The results of this 6-month, prospective, open-label clinical observation are therefore not encouraging.",
"The frequency of PTSD in migraineurs, whether episodic or chronic, is higher than the historically reported prevalence of PTSD in the general population. In addition, in the subset of migraineurs with depression, PTSD frequency is greater in CDH sufferers than in episodic migraineurs. Finally, the presence of PTSD is independently associated with greater headache-related disability in migraineurs.",
"Renal impairment (CrCl <60 mL/min) doubles the risk of stroke and increased the risk of major bleeding by almost 60% in anticoagulated patients with AF. Renal impairment was additive to stroke risk prediction scores based on a significant NRI, but no significant improvement in discrimination ability (based on c-indexes) for CHA2DS2VASc or CHADS2 was observed.",
"Anterior lens capsule autotransplantation could get comparable outcome as MMC in phacotrabeculectomy with few complications.",
"Vernakalant rapidly converted recent-onset AF to sinus rhythm in over half of patients, was well tolerated, and has the potential to offer an important therapeutic option for rhythm control of recent-onset AF in the ED.",
"PIO or EXS alone did not significantly increase basal myocardial insulin sensitivity or LV diastolic function in HIV+ individuals with peripheral metabolic complications.",
"Pheochromocytoma accounts for approximately 25% of incidentally discovered adrenal masses. Certain diagnostic procedures (e.g., adrenal arteriography, needle biopsy of an adrenal mass), anesthesia and abdominal surgery may cause a sudden release of catecholamines from a pheochromocytoma and induce paroxysmal attacks of hypertension. In addition, pheochromocytoma is well known to cause unsuspected operating room deaths. Therefore, we must carefully separate this functioning neoplasm from other types of adrenal masses. In this study, we compared the results of noninvasive tests including (1) assay of urinary catecholamines and their metabolites, (2) a provocative pharmacologic test using metoclopramide (MCP test), and (3) 131I-metaiodobenzylguanidine (MIBG) scintigraphy to screen for pheochromocytoma in 10 consecutive patients with an incidentally discovered adrenal mass (6 pheochromocytomas and 4 non-functioning adrenocortical adenomas). We measured the 24-hour urinary excretion of catecholamines, metanephrines and vanillyl mandelic acid in all 10 patients; 5 were positive, 4 were negative and 1 was false-negative (sensitivity = 83%, specificity = 100%). The MCP test was performed in 7 patients; 3 were positive, 3 were negative and 1 was false-negative (sensitivity = 75%, specificity = 100%). MIBG scintigraphy was performed in 7 patients; 4 were positive, 1 was negative and 2 were false-negative (sensitivity = 67%, specificity = 100%). According to these results, all patients with an incidentally discovered adrenal mass should undergo a determination of the 24-hour urinary excretion of catecholamines and their metabolites, including metanephrines. If this urine assay is negative, other noninvasive tests including the MCP test and MIBG scintigraphy should be considered in selected patients with radiographic characteristics of pheochromocytoma.",
"The aims of this survey was to provide insight into treatment activity, the strategy of treatment, and risk stratification of patients with asymptomatic and symptomatic ventricular pre-excitation across Europe. Fifty-eight centres, members of the European Heart Rhythm Association EP research network, covering 20 countries answered the survey questions. All centres were high-volume ablation centres. A younger person with asymptomatic Wolff-Parkinson-White (WPW) pattern has a higher likelihood of being risk-stratified or receiving ablation therapy compared with an older subject. Two-thirds of centres report that they have observed a decline in the number of patients ablated for an accessory pathway during the last 10 years. Pre-excited atrial fibrillation is rarely seen. Discontinuation of a scheduled WPW ablation due to close vicinity of the accessory pathway to the AV node happens very rarely. Patients with a first episode of pre-excited atrial fibrillation would immediately be referred for catheter ablation to be performed within weeks by 80.4% of the centres. A significant proportion of responders (50.9%) would use electrical cardioversion to restore sinus rhythm in a patient with pre-excited atrial fibrillation. With respect to the choice of antiarrhythmic medication for a patient with pre-excited AF, the majority (80.0%) would choose class 1C antiarrhytmic drugs while waiting for a catheter ablation. A patient seen in the emergency room with a second episode of orthodromic atrioventricular reentry tachycardia would be referred for immediate ablation by 79.2-90.6% of centres depending on the presence of pre-excitation. The volume of paediatric ablations performed on children younger than 12 years was low (46.4%: 0 patients per year; 46.4%: 1-9 patients per year). The majority of responding centres (61-69%) report that their country lack national guidelines dealing with clinical strategies related to WPW. There is a need for national guidelines dealing with clinical strategy in patients with WPW syndrome. Older individuals with asymptomatic WPW pattern have a higher risk of not receiving risk stratification or curative therapy with ablation compared with younger patients, despite the higher risk of developing atrial fibrillation.",
"The combination tablet of sumatriptan/naproxen sodium has unique pharmacokinetic properties. The rapid absorption of sumatriptan with the delayed-release properties of naproxen sodium from sumatriptan/naproxen sodium might contribute to its therapeutic advantage over monotherapy with either component. No clinically meaningful effects of food, administration during a migraine attack, or administration of a second tablet (2 hours after initial dose) on the pharmacokinetics or safety of sumatriptan/naproxen sodium were observed.",
"Chronic migraine (CM) is a prevalent and disabling neurological disorder. Few prophylactic treatments for CM have been investigated. OnabotulinumtoxinA, which inhibits the release of nociceptive mediators, such as glutamate, substance P, and calcitonin gene-related peptide, has been evaluated in randomized, placebo-controlled studies for the preventive treatment of a variety of headache disorders, including CM. These studies have yielded insight into appropriate patient selection, injection sites, dosages, and technique. Initial approaches used a set of fixed sites for the pericranial injections. However, the treatment approach evolved to include other sites that corresponded to the location of pain and tenderness in the individual patient in addition to the fixed sites. The Phase III REsearch Evaluating Migraine Prophylaxis Therapy (PREEMPT) injection paradigm uses both fixed and follow-the-pain sites, with additional specific follow-the-pain sites considered depending on individual symptoms. The PREEMPT paradigm for injecting onabotulinumtoxinA has been shown to be safe, well-tolerated, and effective in well-designed, controlled clinical trials and is the evidence-based approach recommended to optimize clinical outcomes for patients with CM.",
"Considering the observed positive subjective effects, it seems reasonable to recommend headache patients to try this non-invasive intervention for a short period of time to see whether they experience improvement.",
"Over 80% of the eyes responded to Cosopt, with an average trough IOP reduction of 40% at 2 months.",
"The prevalence and age distribution of AF in southern Israel are similar to findings in the western world. Many of the patients did not receive appropriate antithrombotic prophylaxis.",
"POTS (postural tachycardia syndrome) is a chronic form of OI (orthostatic intolerance). Neuropathic POTS is characterized by decreased adrenergic vasoconstriction, whereas hyperadrenergic POTS exhibits increased adrenergic vasoconstriction. We hypothesized that midodrine, an α1-adrenergic receptor agonist, would increase CVR (calf vascular resistance), decrease C(v) (calf venous capacitance) and decrease orthostatic tachycardia in neuropathic POTS, but not alter haemodynamics in hyperadrenergic POTS. A total of 20 POTS patients (12 neuropathic and eight hyperadrenergic), ages 12-20 years, participated in this randomized placebo-controlled double-blind cross-over study. Of these subjects, 15 were female. POTS subjects received 2 weeks of treatment with midodrine or placebo, with increased dosing from 2.5 to 10 mg three times daily. Following a 7-day drug-washout period, subjects received the cross-over treatment. HR (heart rate), MAP (mean arterial pressure), Q(calf) (calf blood flow) and CVR were measured supine and during 35° HUT (head-up tilt). C(v) was measured supine. In neuropathic POTS, midodrine decreased supine HR, Q(calf) and C(v), while increasing MAP and CVR compared with placebo. During HUT, in neuropathic POTS, midodrine decreased HR, Q(calf) and C(v), while increasing MAP and CVR. In hyperadrenergic POTS, placebo and midodrine both decreased upright HR and increased supine CVR. Placebo also increased supine C(v), compared with midodrine in hyperadrenergic POTS. Therefore midodrine improved postural tachycardia in neuropathic POTS by increasing CVR and decreasing Q(calf) and C(v), whereas these effects were not seen in hyperadrenergic POTS patients who experienced a placebo effect. This suggests that midodrine is probably an effective treatment for neuropathic POTS, but not for hyperadrenergic POTS.",
"In Chinese patients with NVAF, the warfarin therapy (INR 1.6 - 2.5) for the prevention of thromboembolic events was superior to aspirin.",
"MIDCAB can be performed safely in appropriately selected patients with outcomes comparable with OPCAB. The potential benefits include shorter hospital stay, reduced need for blood transfusion and faster recovery.",
"Given that high inter-visit IOP range is associated with risk factors for glaucomatous damage and that such differences cannot be evaluated using mean IOPs, inter-visit IOP range may be another useful approach to assessing IOP control in clinical trials.",
"Reduction in Lp-PLA2 activity during the first year was a highly significant predictor of CHD events, independent of change in LDL cholesterol, and may account for over half of the benefits of pravastatin in the LIPID study.",
"The use of BIS monitoring during general anaesthesia requiring endotracheal intubation and/or muscle relaxants was associated with a significantly reduced incidence of awareness as compared with a historical control population.",
"Engagement of parents/guardians of children with SCD in identifying barriers and facilitators to clinical trial enrollment may be critical to the development of strategies to enhance SCD trial completion.",
"Our pragmatic trial has shown that, in the real world setting of public sector clinics in South Africa, economic support to patients with tuberculosis does not significantly improve outcomes on treatment. However, the low fidelity to the delivery of our voucher meant that a third of eligible patients did not receive it. Among patients in intervention clinics who received the voucher at least once, treatment success rates were significantly improved. Further operational research is needed to explore how best to ensure the consistent and appropriate delivery of such support to those eligible to receive it.",
"Intracoronary nicorandil reduced microvascular dysfunction after primary PCI more effectively than did nitroglycerin in patients with STEMI, probably via its KATP channel-opening effect.",
"Asymptomatically infected patients with falciparum malaria may develop symptomatic malaria infection secondary to injury or surgery. This complication increases the risk for postoperative wound infection and adds to the burden of trauma. The aims of the present study were to investigate the preventive effect of early antimalaria treatment of Plasmodium falciparum infected trauma patients, and to study the validity and accuracy of a rapid test to identify those infected. An open, non-randomized, interventional multi-center, cohort study was carried out at six district hospitals in northwestern Cambodia. Two hundred twenty-two trauma patients was examined for P. falciparum by dipstick test soon after injury. The patients testing positive were immediately treated with artesunate-mefloquine. A subset of 108 patients from Pailin, an area considered highly endemic for falciparum malaria, was used for the main analysis. Of 28 P. falciparum rapid test-positives, 21 developed symptomatic postinjury malaria despite early antimalarial treatment. The agreement between the dipstick test and blood smear examination was good (kappa 92.5; 95% CI 84.5-100). Early pre-operative treatment of parasite carriers does not seem to prevent symptomatic malaria after injury and surgery. The rapid test for falciparum malaria was reliable in early identification of asymptomatic P. falciparum infected patients.",
"We found no statistically significant differences between study groups in 3-dimensional echocardiography measures of RV size and function, or magnitude of tricuspid regurgitation. Volume unloading was seen after stage II, as expected, but ejection fraction did not improve. This study provides insights into the remodeling of the operated univentricular RV in infancy.",
"We investigated the consistency between the headache diagnosis based on medical history and three treated headache episodes diagnosed based on a diary. In a randomized double-blind study including individuals with either migraine or tension-type headache (TTH) we showed significant superiority of the fixed combination of acetylsalicylic acid + paracetamol + caffeine over the combination without caffeine, the single preparations, and placebo in the treatment of headache. A neurologist performed a classification of the usual headache episodes and each of the three treated ones in a blinded fashion based on a structured questionnaire. This was done for the 1734 patients included in the efficacy analysis who usually treated their episodic TTH or migraine attacks with non-prescription analgesics. The overall percentage of patients with migraine and TTH remained relatively stable. The treated headache episodes were between 75 and 77% migraine, 18-20% were TTH and 5-7% could not be classified. We observed some shift in headache type within patients from prior history and in treated attacks. In 60% of patients all three treated episodes were of the type initially diagnosed by the neurologist by history (56% migraine and 4% episodic TTH). Of those with an initial diagnosis of migraine, 24% had at least one attack meeting criteria for TTH. Of patients with an initial diagnosis of TTH, 54% had at least one attack meeting the diagnostic criteria for migraine. Our results demonstrate that an initial headache diagnosis does not accurately predict the headache type treated in a randomized trial. Symptom features of treated headaches should be captured to ensure that the attack is of the type targeted by the clinical trial. The International Headache Society Guidelines for controlled clinical trials should be updated accordingly.",
"ITN use increased dramatically in the district between 2008 and 2010. It is likely that IPC activities in general may have contributed to the observed increase in ITN use, as the increased observed in this study was far higher than the increase observed between 2008 and 2010 malaria indicator survey (MIS) estimates. Contamination across control communities, coupled with linear settlement patterns and subsequent behavioural norms related to communication in the area, likely contributed to the observed increase in net use and null effect in this study.",
"Flecainide can completely prevent ventricular arrhythmia during exercise and partially prevent recurrent ICD shocks in high-risk patients with CPVT2.",
"In this nonrandomized comparison, presence of atrial fibrillation had no independent impact on stroke outcome and compared with untreated comparators, the patients who received thrombolysis experienced an advantage in outcomes that was of equal magnitude whether in the presence or absence of atrial fibrillation.",
"AF identifies an HFpEF cohort with more advanced disease and significantly reduced exercise capacity. These data suggest that evaluation of the impact of different rate or rhythm control strategies on exercise tolerance in patients with HFpEF and AF is warranted.",
"null",
"G-CSF therapy may be beneficial in attenuating ventricular remodelling subsequent to a large anterior STEMI in the long term. No differences have been detected in clinical outcome.",
"This study showed that the deep breathing exercises with an Incentive Spirometer and deep breathing exercise without an Incentive Spirometer were both effective for recovering the pulmonary ventilatory function after a thoracotomy.",
"There was no significant difference in pain between the groups: oxygen: 2.0, [2.0-4.0], air: 2.0, [2.0-5.0] (median, interquartile range: 25-75%, P = 0.12). The median difference in score of VAS was [95% CI]: 0, [0-1.0]. The oxygen group received 0.44 ± 0.11 mg of morphine versus 0.46 ± 0.13, P = n.s. The peak value of troponin-t post-PCI was 38, [11-352] nmol/ml in the oxygen group and 61, [16-241] for patients treated with air, P = 0.46.",
"The aim of the study was to determine whether epicardial adipose tissue thickness (EAT), a new cardiometabolic risk factor, is associated with essential hypertension. The sample included 127 asymptomatic patients with one or more cardiovascular risk factors consecutively referred for cardiac computed tomography angiography. Data were collected retrospectively and compared between hypertensive (n=39) and normotensive (n=88) patients. The hypertensive patients had a significantly higher mean EAT thickness than the normotensive group (2.81±1.6 mm vs 2.07±1.43 mm; P=.011) and a significantly elevated mean coronary artery calcium score (316.8±512.6 vs 108.73±215; P=.0257). The odds ratio for a patient with tissue thickness ≥2.4 mm having hypertension was 1.396 (95% confidence interval, 1.033-1.922). Factors independently associated with hypertension were body mass index, low-density lipoprotein, and age. A model score was developed using the logistic regression coefficients for calculation of individual risk. Hypertensive patients have significantly higher than normal EAT thickness. Epicardial adipose tissue thickness may serve as a risk indicator for hypertension and cardiovascular morbidity.",
"Our study highlights significant changes in the practice and outcome of trabeculectomy compared to the national survey conducted a decade ago.",
"The vast majority of drug-resistant PAF could be controlled by EEPVI without an additional atrial substrate modification. No progression toward persistent AF was observed during a median follow-up of 6 years.",
"Brinz/Tim suspension provides statistically significant and clinically relevant IOP-lowering efficacy that is noninferior to Dorz/Tim. Additionally, Brinz/Tim affords an ocular comfort advantage compared with Dorz/Tim.",
"Most Canadian centres perform device implantation with NOAC interruption without the use of bridging. The timing of stopping and restarting anticoagulation and incidence of bleeding complications is variable. These findings emphasize the need for randomized controlled studies to guide the optimal approach to management of NOACs during device implantation.",
"PhaB method is a rapid and sensitive method for detecting TB in sputum in PTB patients; especially for the diagnosis of smear-negative PTB, PhaB method is obviously more sensitive than L-J culture method.",
"pre-surgical oral allopurinol treatment reduced ischemia-reperfusion injury during TF surgical correction, as indicated by the decrease in the number of cardiomyocytes expressing ROS, reducing TNF-, SOD, and MDA concentration in blood. There was a decrease in HIF-1 concentration in cardiomyocytes of the right ventricle during ischemic phase.",
"Intravenous ibutilide is a safe and effective agent for cardioversion of recent-onset AF/AFL. Furthermore,strict processing under electrocardio-monitoring is important.",
"All three scores were similar in performance in quantifying risk in ED patients with possible ACS. The GRACE score identified a sizable low risk cohort with high sensitivity and NPV but complexity of this tool may limit its utility. Improved scores are needed to allow early identification of low- and high-risk patients to support improvements in patient flow and ED overcrowding.",
"Combined amiodarone and irbesartan use is superior to amiodarone alone for maintaining sinus rhythm in rheumatic heart disease patients with persistent AF post valve replacement and cardioversion.",
"Atrial Fibrillation management is still a matter for debate. Past research has largely been based on the outpatient setting in which patients are followed during ambulatory visits. Very little data exist on the optimal management of AF in the Emergency Department (ED). This study investigated which factors drive different AF treatments in the ED, describing their use in different hospitals. Finally, the efficacy of different strategies in terms of cardioversion in the ED was analyzed. Charts of patients treated for atrial fibrillation (AF) were collected in 6 EDs in a large metropolitan area over a 24-consecutive month period and were reviewed and analysed. Demographics, comorbidities, treatment strategy and ED outcome were collected. Inclusion criteria were symptom onset <3 weeks and stable hemodynamic conditions at presentation. A propensity score was used to adjust for baseline clinical characteristics and to compare the efficacy of different treatments. 3,085 patients were included in the analysis. Variables associated with a rhythm control strategy were onset of symptoms <48 h, age, dyspnea, palpitations, renal failure and the presence of a mechanical valve. Different EDs applied different strategies in terms of drugs used and the electrocardioversion rate, showing heterogeneity in AF management. Adjusting for the propensity score, electrocardioversion and antidysrhythmic drugs of class Ic were more effective than a wait-and-watch strategy in the ED. Despite international guidelines being respected, AF management is heterogeneous in different ED settings. A rhythm control strategy with electrocardioversion and Class Ic drugs is more effective than a wait-and watch approach during the ED visit. Further research, toward an evidence-based approach to the emergent management of AF in the ED, is still needed.",
"Results from ALPS will provide important information about the choice and value of antiarrhythmic therapies for VF/VT arrest with direct implications for resuscitation guidelines and clinical practice.",
"null",
"1. The activity level of MMP-2 and MMP-9 is elevated during the STEMI acute phase and falls 12 h after successful pPCI, while TIMP-1 concentration only rises 48 h after the procedure. 2. The abrupt opening of the target vessel in STEMI does not produce acute changes in MMP-2, MMP-9 activity or TIMP-1 and TIMP-2 concentration. 3. The 'no-reflow'phenomenon in STEMI patients occurs more often in those with higher MMP-9 activity before pPCI. 4. Lowered LVEF at hospital discharge is observed in patients with higher periprocedural MMP-9 activity and TIMP-2 level.",
"Efficacy and safety of our outpatient home-based intravenous dihydroergotamine program compared favorably to that of established inpatient intravenous pulse injection and continuous infusion protocols for the treatment of intractable migraine. The use of outpatient continuous intravenous dihydroergotamine is an effective and well-tolerated therapy for intractable migraine but without the added cost and inconvenience of hospitalization.",
"After 3 months of switching tafluprost showed an overall IOP lowering effect similar to others PGAs. When each PGA was compared with tafluprost, bimatoprost showed to provide a statistically significant additional IOP lowering effect.",
"Health technologies accounted for most direct medical costs of T1DM. These data can serve to reassess the distribution of resources for managing T1DM in Brazil's public health-care system.",
"In Western Myanmar deployment of ITNs did not provide consistent protection against malaria in children living in malaria endemic villages. Early diagnosis and effective treatment is a more cost effective malaria control strategy than deployment of ITNs in this area where the main vector bites early in the evening, often before people are protected by an ITN.",
"Provision of AL by CHWs for unsupervised malaria treatment at home was highly effective, which provides evidence base for scaling-up implementation of HMM with AL in Tanzania.",
"The present study demonstrates that RV geometry dimensions, namely RV midcavity diameter and tricuspid valve tethering area, are important preoperative measures associated with adverse events in patients undergoing tricuspid annuloplasty.",
"null",
"Prolonged interatrial electromechanical time intervals in hypertensives are improved with antihypertensive treatment.",
"Patients with SRV treated with eplerenone showed an improvement of an altered baseline CTB profile suggesting that reduction of myocardial fibrosis might be a therapeutic target in these patients.",
"Our findings indicate that in MADIT-CRT programming, the CRT AVD <120 ms was associated with a greater clinical and echocardiographic response to CRT.",
"The use of standardized tools for continuous quality improvement of laboratory services is crucial to identify service gaps, plan targeted interventions, and prove successes. Laboratory quality improvement tools (LQITs) were developed and applied for 18 months at five health centers and one faith-based hospital laboratories in Southwest Showa Zone in Ethiopia to assess and monitor the quality of malaria and acid-fast bacilli (AFB) microscopy total testing processes. For the six laboratories, baseline malaria microscopy scores were 55%, 42%, 52%, 55%, 54%, and 61%. Similarly, baseline AFB microscopy scores were 49%, 41%, 46%, 58%, 44%, and 70%. On the sixth quarter for the first four laboratories and the fourth quarter for the last two laboratories, malaria microscopy scores were 89%, 88%, 88%, 90%, 88%, and 89%, whereas AFB microscopy scores were 90%, 88%, 89%, 95%, 88%, and 90%. All laboratories scored above 85% for both services at the end of interventions.",
"Preservative-free tafluprost is a well tolerated hypotensive agent that can be used in eyes with surface problems and in naive eyes.",
"German Research Foundation; German Heart Research Foundation; German Cardiac Society; Arbeitsgemeinschaft Leitende Kardiologische Krankenhausärzte; University of Leipzig--Heart Centre; Maquet Cardiopulmonary; Teleflex Medical.",
"The coronary flow velocity profile in the LAD was significantly influenced by the type of aortic valve prosthesis used. The differences in the LAD velocity profile probably reflect differences in valve design and the systolic transvalvular flow pattern.",
"We have developed and validated two novel composite scores for stroke/thromboembolism/bleeding that offer good discriminatory and predictive performance. However, these composite risk scores did not perform better than the easier and more practical "traditional" stroke and bleeding risk scores that are currently in use, which allow greater practicality and a more personalized balancing of risks.",
"The percentage of patients who achieved postoperative IOP < 21 mmHg was similar in both groups, although a larger proportion of patients treated with MMC-augmented trabeculectomy required topical treatment in comparison with the 5-FU group.",
"IV magnesium appears to decrease the LOS for children with sickle cell pain crisis.",
"Was examined 92 patients with congestive heart failure III-IV FC with fraction of emission left ventricle < 45% against coronary artery disease. Patients of control group received basic therapy (according to recommendations of the Ukrainian society of cardiology), the 1 group--in addition received a preparation of Vazonat within 15 days intravenously in a dose of 1000 mg a day further are out-patient within 1 month on 250 mg 3 times per os; the 2 group--under the same scheme a preparation of Vazonat and a day tranquilizer of Adapto in a dose of 500 mg twice a day throughout all term of supervision. It is established that addition of Vazonat to basic treatment leads to additional effect concerning improvement of indicators cardio-hemodynamic, to improvement congestive functions. Joint appointment of preparations of Vazonat and Adaptol against basic treatment leads to more expressed improvement congestive functions, to progressive reduction of degree of trouble, depression.",
"The mechanism of action underlying the IOP change with the postural change is different from the pharmacologic action of these hypotensive agents.",
"This long-term observational study indicates that TAPSE and dilation of right-sided cardiac chambers are associated with an increased risk for MACE in patients with ARVC/D with advanced disease and a high risk for adverse events. However, FAC is the strongest echocardiographic predictor of adverse outcome in these patients. Our data advocate a role for transthoracic echocardiography in risk stratification in patients with ARVC/D, although our results may not be generalizable to lower-risk ARVC/D cohorts.",
"This system offers a flexible and safe approach to testing the in vivo activity of novel antimalarials.",
"In this older age group, the very high percentage of elderly subjects with cardiovascular risk factors illustrates the large window of opportunity for therapies directed to lower the cardiovascular risk and potentially also the risk for dementia.",
"The switch from the concomitant use of latanoprost 0.005% and timolol maleate 0.5% eye drops to latanoprost 0.005%/timolol maleate 0.5% combination eye drops improved adherence and helped maintain IOP.",
"Between 2003 and 2006, there was a significant reduction in inhospital mortality that corresponded to an increase in the use of evidence-based NSTEMI care. Nevertheless, long-term outcomes have not changed over time, suggesting a need for improved care transition and longitudinal secondary prevention.",
"Benefit of IPT plus ART was evident only in the first 6 months of care. These findings suggest that TST-guided IPT should be routinely provided for HIV-infected patients after initial entry into medical care.",
"Our data show a lower pain intensity and lower Rizatriptan intake at six-months follow-up with no adverse events in acupuncture patients compared to those treated with valproic acid.",
"Topiramate used for migraine prevention in non-academic institutions is generally safe, well tolerated and results in good control of migraine headaches and improvement in several aspects of quality of life.",
"Shortening the delay between tuberculosis treatment onset and ART initiation to 2 weeks was associated with an increased risk of developing TB-IRIS. However, TB-IRIS was generally easily manageable. Given the marked reported survival advantage of early ART initiation after tuberculosis treatment onset, these data indicate that fear of TB-IRIS should not be an impediment to early ART in adults with advanced immunodeficiency in resource-limited, high burden settings.",
"This first clinical study with M72/AS01 and M72/AS02 showed that both vaccines were clinically well tolerated and induced high magnitude and persistent cell-mediated and humoral immune responses. The Mtb72F/AS02 and M72/AS02 vaccines were comparably immunogenic with significantly higher immune responses compared to the M72/saline control. Of the formulations tested, M72/AS01 demonstrated significantly higher vaccine specific Th1 CD4(+) T cell responses supporting its further clinical evaluation.",
"The ST elevation myocardial infarction was the major clinical form of acute coronary syndrome admitted in intensive care unit. Prevention should be targeted on modiﬁ able risk factors such as the management of hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes and obesity. In addition, the improvement in cardiology service with the establishment of CCU and cathlab might improve the mortality and morbidity in such cases.",
"The risk of CI-AKI is increased in patients with pre-procedural renal insufficiency, and eGFR is clinically useful in the emergent setting for CI-AKI risk stratification before primary PCI.",
"The use of an autologous intraparenchymal blood patch significantly reduces the rate of pneumothorax requiring chest tube placement. It seems to be more beneficial when a 19-gauge guiding needle is used.",
"Higher concentrations of plasma SAH are independently associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular events among patients undergoing coronary angiography. This trial was registered at www.chictr.org as ChiCTR-RNRC-08000270.",
"Our experience confirms that in case of incidentaloma, the first concern is a nonfunctional pheochromocytoma (15%), and the less common occurrence is adreno-cortical carcinoma (2%). We recommend a restrictive surgical approach in the setting of adrenal incidentalomas.",
"Compared with valve replacement alone, the addition of the maze procedure was associated with a reduction in thromboembolic complications and improvements in hemodynamic performance in patients undergoing mechanical valve replacement, particularly in those with low risk of surgery.",
"null",
"PD exhibits superior survival to HD in the early period of dialysis, even after adjusting for differences in the patients' characteristics between the two modalities. Notably, the most common cause of death was infection in this Korean cohort.",
"Combination intravitreal ranibizumab and topical MMC at time of trabeculectomy resulted in more diffuse blebs with less vascularity when compared to use of topical MMC alone. Further studies are planned to better understand the utility of anti-vascular endothelial growth factor agents as modulators of wound healing post trabeculectomy.",
"ADT was associated with excess ACM in all patients with a history of congestive heart failure or myocardial infarction, regardless of whether they were revascularized, and in diabetics with low-risk disease. ADT for gland downsizing before brachytherapy should be avoided in these men.",
"The compound dihydroartemisinin/piperaquine shows a sound efficacy in treating uncomplicated falciparum malaria",
"Copeptin increases in patients with type 1 diabetes upon insulin induced hypoglycaemia. Interestingly, the copeptin increase seems associated with the degree of hypoglycaemia awareness. This hypothesis warrants further verification.",
"This pivotal phase III study of the RTS,S/AS01 candidate malaria vaccine in African children was designed and implemented by the Clinical Trials Partnership Committee. The study will provide efficacy and safety data to fulfil regulatory requirements, together with data on a broad range of endpoints that will facilitate the evaluation of the public health impact of the vaccine and will aid policy and implementation decisions.",
"The IOP reduction effect of the LA group was the same as the CA group. This study suggests that long-acting treatment with alginic acid can be useful for reducing systemic side effects.",
"The stand-alone CNAP monitor (model 500at, software V3.5) accurately and rapidly measures the changes of blood pressure that occur during sudden development of cardiocirculatory arrest and recovery to baseline blood pressures. CNAP monitors the duration of the arrest.",
"Our study revealed that the use of ABC-mDIBH in the practice of locally advanced mastectomized left-sided breast cancer radiotherapy improves normal tissue sparing with the expected potential of decreasing treatment-related morbidity and mortality. Moreover, the resultant reduction achieved with ABC in doses to the left anterior descending coronary artery, which plays a central role in cardiac perfusion, may have implications for decreasing the potential of radiation-induced cardiac morbidity and mortality.",
"Among the adults, the mean plasma glucose level over the 5-day bionic-pancreas period was 138 mg per deciliter (7.7 mmol per liter), and the mean percentage of time with a low glucose level (<70 mg per deciliter [3.9 mmol per liter]) was 4.8%. After 1 day of automatic adaptation by the bionic pancreas, the mean (±SD) glucose level on continuous monitoring was lower than the mean level during the control period (133±13 vs. 159±30 mg per deciliter [7.4±0.7 vs. 8.8±1.7 mmol per liter], P<0.001) and the percentage of time with a low glucose reading was lower (4.1% vs. 7.3%, P=0.01). Among the adolescents, the mean plasma glucose level was also lower during the bionic-pancreas period than during the control period (138±18 vs. 157±27 mg per deciliter [7.7±1.0 vs. 8.7±1.5 mmol per liter], P=0.004), but the percentage of time with a low plasma glucose reading was similar during the two periods (6.1% and 7.6%, respectively; P=0.23). The mean frequency of interventions for hypoglycemia among the adolescents was lower during the bionic-pancreas period than during the control period (one per 1.6 days vs. one per 0.8 days, P<0.001).",
"This prospective clinical study evaluates the possible beneficial effects of increased phenoxybenzamine dosage in the preoperative treatment of patients with pheochromocytoma. For this purpose total blood volume (TBV) prior to and after treatment with phenoxybenzamine and hemodynamic changes during surgery were determined in two groups of patients: group I (n = 12) received a mean dosage of 140 mg, group II (n = 12) 270 mg/day. The mean TBV in group I showed no changes after treatment with phenoxybenzamine, while the TBV in group II increased by 5.6 ml/kg body weight, corresponding to an increase in plasma volume (PV) of 10.2%. These changes were not significant, however. The intraoperative vasodilator requirement for the treatment of catecholamine induced hypertension during tumor manipulation was significantly less for group II: total nitroprusside administration averaged 8.7 mg in group I and 0.8 mg in group II (P less than 0.0005). Patients in group I received a total of 2.6 mg nitroglycerin compared with only 0.5 mg for patients in group II (P less than 0.005). In conclusion, preoperative treatment of patients with pheochromocytoma with increased dosages of phenoxybenzamine is beneficial to intraoperative management by decreasing hemodynamic instability due to tumor manipulation and following resection. This treatment was effective for preventing complications such as excessive tachycardia, cardiac arrhythmias, hypertensive crises, or left ventricular failure.",
"The virtually automated ECG algorithm used for this analysis produced similar yet less variable TQT results compared with the sponsor-reported study, without the use of a manual core laboratory. These findings indicate that CSRC ECG data sets can be useful for evaluating novel methods and algorithms for determining drug-induced QT/QTc prolongation. Although the results should not constitute endorsement of specific algorithms by either CSRC or FDA, the value of a public domain digital ECG warehouse to provide prospective, blinded comparisons of ECG technologies applied for QT/QTc measurement is illustrated.",
"Seven sickle cell disease (SCD) patients [sickle cell anaemia = 4 (males 2, females 2, age range 18-40 years), and sickle cell beta (0)-thalassaemia = 3 (all females, age range 20-47 years)], suffering from a severe form of the disease were enrolled in a treatment protocol using hydroxyurea (HU) for up to 12 months followed by a combination therapy with HU and human recombinant erythropoietin (rHuEpo; using 400 U/kg/week i.v.) for 3-4 weeks. Following the withdrawal of rHuEpo the patients were maintained on HU alone. The patients were characterised on the basis of the 'severity index' prior to the initiation of the therapy. Haematological and relevant biochemical parameters, Hb A2 fetal haemoglobin (HbF), HbF cells, reticulocytes and platelet counts were estimated at least at three occasions to determine the mean and range of the parameters. During the treatment period the patients were followed every 2-4 weeks where the haematological and biochemical parameters were assessed. The results were separately analysed and mean +/- SD were obtained for each parameter at the end of each protocol. The statistical significance of the difference in the results obtained on treatment and the baseline results was examined using the paired t test. No toxic side effects of HU and rHuEpo (as judged from reduction in platelet and white blood cell count) were documented during and after the whole period of treatment. The patients showed a significant clinical improvement. Total haemoglobin, haematocrit, red cell count, HbF and HbF cells increased, while white blood cells, reticulocyte counts and bilirubin level decreased. Platelet count decreased but remained within the normal range. The results revealed that 5 of the patients on HU treatment showed a significant increase in the HbF level and HbF cells, while 2 patients (1 sickle cell anaemia and 1 Hb S/beta(0)-thalassaemia patient) did not and were considered as 'non-responders'. The rHuEpo and HU combination therapy elevated the HbF level, with a varying degree, in all patients except 2, who had already reached a high HbF level and showed a decrease in HbF during the rHuEpo protocol. Variable individual response to both HU and rHuEpo therapy was a common feature. We recommend the use of HU for the treatment of SCD and a combination therapy using HU and rHuEpo for the non-responders.",
"Fixed-combination latanoprost/timolol results in lower diurnal IOP fluctuation and significantly fewer patients with a high fluctuation than treatment with latanoprost or timolol monotherapy. The fixed combination may have an independent effect on reducing IOP fluctuation in addition to lowering IOP.",
"We compared the ventilatory requirements of 127 infants who received phenobarbital for five days with those of 111 infants who received placebo. All infants were intubated, weighted less than 1750 g at birth, and survived the first ten days of life. Those infants who received phenobarbital did not require ventilatory assistance for more days than did placebo receivers. However, a pneumothorax or pulmonary interstitial emphysema was more likely to develop in infants who received phenobarbital than in infants who received placebo, even when adjustment was made for the presence of subependymal-intraventricular hemorrhage. We believe this is the first report of this relationship and recommend additional studies to test the hypothesis that phenobarbital contributes to the occurrence/recognition of pneumothorax or pulmonary interstitial emphysema in very-low-birth-weight infants if phenobarbital continues to be used routinely as prophylaxis or treatment.",
"Médecins Sans Frontières and the European Commission.",
"Deutsches Register Klinischer Studien (German Clinical Trials Register): DRKS00000586Universal Trial Number (UTN U1111-1118-3464).",
"The mean (±SD) age of the patients at baseline was 48±8 years, 68% were women, the mean baseline glycated hemoglobin level was 9.3±1.5%, and the mean baseline body-mass index (the weight in kilograms divided by the square of the height in meters) was 36.0±3.5. A total of 91% of the patients completed 36 months of follow-up. At 3 years, the criterion for the primary end point was met by 5% of the patients in the medical-therapy group, as compared with 38% of those in the gastric-bypass group (P<0.001) and 24% of those in the sleeve-gastrectomy group (P=0.01). The use of glucose-lowering medications, including insulin, was lower in the surgical groups than in the medical-therapy group. Patients in the surgical groups had greater mean percentage reductions in weight from baseline, with reductions of 24.5±9.1% in the gastric-bypass group and 21.1±8.9% in the sleeve-gastrectomy group, as compared with a reduction of 4.2±8.3% in the medical-therapy group (P<0.001 for both comparisons). Quality-of-life measures were significantly better in the two surgical groups than in the medical-therapy group. There were no major late surgical complications.",
"We report treatment outcomes from a retrospective cohort of patients with isoniazid-monoresistant tuberculosis in rural South Africa. Sixteen percent of patients had poor outcomes, 61% of whom progressed to multidrug-resistant tuberculosis. These data reveal the need for early identification and aggressive follow-up of isoniazid monoresistance to increase treatment success.",
"The aim of this study was to determine the impact of mean platelet volume (MPV) on the strategy for treatment of atrial fibrillation (AF) with respect to stroke prevention. MPV was analyzed in 265 patients with AF who were undergoing treatment using rhythm or rate control. The primary endpoint was ischemic stroke or a transient ischemic attack (TIA) event. Kaplan-Meier analysis revealed a significantly higher stroke rate in the rate control group compared to the rhythm control group. A significantly higher stroke rate was observed in the higher tertile MPV group (≥7.9 fL) compared to the lower tertile MPV group (<7.3 fL). When the MPV cut-off level was set to 7.85 fL using the receiver operating characteristic curve, the sensitivity was 80.0% and the specificity was 70.4% for differentiating between the group with stroke and the group without stroke. In the Cox proportional hazard analysis, after adjusting for sex, treatment strategy for AF, high MPV level, antithrombotic treatment, and high CHADS2 score, higher MPV, rate control strategy for treatment of AF, and high CHADS2 score were found to be independent predictors of stroke risk. In addition, patients with AF who were treated using rate control had high stroke risk with an MPV over 7.85 fL and high CHADS2 score. The results of this study demonstrate that the MPV and the rate control strategy for treatment of AF were predictive markers for stroke; its predictive power for stroke was independent of female sex and high CHADS2 score in patients with AF.",
"Tachycardia-mediated cardiomyopathy patients exhibit differences in LV structure and function including diffuse fibrosis long after arrhythmia cure, indicating that recovery is incomplete.",
"null",
"Sumatriptan nasal powder administered using the new device during a migraine attack was effective and well tolerated.",
"An open-labeled randomized trial with parallel groups was carried out to study the effects of Dif1stat (Monascus purpureus-Linear aliphatic alcohols-Niacin) in the treatment of primary moderate hypercholesterolemia. The trial lasted 8 months. The patients, males and females, were assigned to two groups: A (#130), treated with diet, and B (#110) submitted to diet + Dif1stat. After 4 months, group A did not show significant changes in Total cholesterol (TC), LDL-cholesterol (LDLC), HDL-cholesterol (HDLC) or non-HDL-cholesterol (non-HDLC). The same group, showed a reduction in TC (-22%), LDLC (-30%) and non-HDLC (-27%) after 8 months (P < or = 0.001). After 4 months, TC (-21.3%), LDLC (-29%), and non-HDLC (-26%) were significantly lowered in group B (P < or = 0.001). In group B, TC, LDLC and non-HDLC showed a further reduction after 8 months: -29.4, -38 and -37%, respectively (P < or = 0.001). Even triglycerides (TG) decreased significantly (-33%) (P < or = 0.001). After 8 months, group B showed a significant reduction of TG (-33%) (P < or = 0.001), when compared to group A. Some safety parameters were significantly reduced in both groups: AST and gamma-GT in group A after 4 and 8 months, as well as ALT, AST and gamma-GT in group B after 8 months (P < or = 0.001). Dif1stat, given with a suitable diet, was well tolerated in the long-term and induced an anti-atherogenic plasma lipid and lipoprotein profile, in patients with moderate hypercholesterolemia.",
"Women with type 1 diabetes treated with CSII display higher levels of psychopathology than those on MDI. This is probably the consequence of the fact that patients selected for CSII are those failing to MDI. Higher levels of psychopathology could represent a limit for the attainment and maintenance of therapeutic goals with CSII.",
"Completion of IPT is associated with increased survival in HIV-infected adults with CD4 counts ≥ 200 cells/μ l and a positive TST.",
"Anopheles gambiae mosquitoes were fed on 25 volunteers randomized to receive ivermectin or nothing. In mosquitoes feeding on volunteers given ivermectin the previous day, mean survival was 2.3 days, compared with 5.5 days in the control group (P < .001, by log-lank test). Mosquito mortality was 73%, 84%, and 89% on days 2, 3, and 4 in the ivermectin group. In mosquitoes fed 14 days after treatment, no difference was found between groups. Ivermectin is safe and has significant short-term insecticidal properties. A systemic insecticide taken by humans could help to control malaria in areas where mosquitoes are exophagic or exophilic and drug resistance is an urgent threat.",
"This study, conducted in routine ophthalmic practice, confirmed published clinical trial results showing that TT provides better IOP control than TL when measured in the morning, and that travoprost has longer-lasting residual effects than latanoprost when IOP is measured >24 hours after instillation. However, readers should interpret these findings in the context of a cross-sectional observational study conducted in a naturalistic setting.",
"RFA seems to be possible for "non-surgical" patients with various histologic types of secondary lung tumours. Good results in terms of local tumour control validated by contrast-enhanced CT scan were observed during short-term follow-up evaluation.",
"The increase in circulating CD4 levels observed in PTB in patients is acquired after 2 months of treatment irrespective of HIV status. Initiation of ART is the strongest factor correlated with CD4 increase during TB treatment.",
"null",
"In order to study the pharmacokinetic properties of amodiaquine and desethylamodiaquine during pregnancy, 24 pregnant women in the second and third trimesters of pregnancy and with Plasmodium vivax malaria were treated with amodiaquine (10 mg/kg of body weight/day) for 3 days. The same women were studied again at 3 months postpartum. Plasma was analyzed for amodiaquine and desethylamodiaquine by use of a liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry method. Individual concentration-time data were evaluated using noncompartmental analysis. There were no clinically relevant differences in the pharmacokinetics of amodiaquine and desethylamodiaquine between pregnant (n = 24) and postpartum (n = 18) women. The results suggest that the current amodiaquine dosing regimen is adequate for the treatment of P. vivax infections during pregnancy.",
"Individuals with diabetic neuropathy had increased intrinsic foot muscle deterioration, which was associated with second metatarsophalangeal joint angle and history of ulceration. Additional research is required to understand how foot muscle deterioration interacts with other impairments leading to forefoot deformity and skin breakdown.",
"In a prospective study series of 167 patients with tube thoracostomy for spontaneous pneumothorax in 1993-1996, 32 patients (age range 16-79 years, mean age 45.5 years) were treated with autologous blood-patch pleurodesis for persistent air leak. In 27 (84%) of cases the air leak ceased within 72 h after the pleurodesis. The duration of air leak was significantly shorter (p < 0.01) than in simple drainage. Empyema developed in three cases, and two patients with failed pleurodesis required open thoracotomy. Minor complications, mainly fever and pleural effusion, occurred in nine patients. Neither analgesia nor sedation was required during or after pleurodesis. There was no recurrence of pneumothorax during 12-48 months of observation, whereas simple drainage was followed by recurrence in 22 patients. Blood-patch pleurodesis is a simple, effective and painless method in pneumothorax, but carries an increased risk of intrathoracic infection.",
"The association of forskolin, rutin and vitamins B1 and B2 appears to be protective for the ocular surface, contributing to restore a normal equilibrium of the tear film in those subjects in which toxic agents such as BAK had determined alterations of its homeostasis.",
"Potentially life-threatening ventricular arrhythmic events could be predicted by the WM test. In combination with other risk factors WMI may be useful in these patients.",
"A six-minute point-of-care breath test for volatile biomarkers accurately identified subjects with active pulmonary TB.",
"Baseline echocardiographic parameters were comparable between patients randomized to lenient and strict rate control. Between baseline and follow-up, significant adverse atrial or ventricular remodeling was not observed in either group. There were also no significant differences in atrial and ventricular remodeling between patients who continuously had heart rates between 80 and 110 beats/min and patients who continuously had heart rates <80 beats/min during follow-up. Lenient rate control was not independently associated with changes in echocardiographic parameters: mean adjusted effect on left atrial size was 1.6 mm (p = 0.09) and 1.1 mm on left ventricular end-diastolic diameter (p = 0.23). Instead, female sex was independently associated with adverse remodeling: mean adjusted effect on left atrial size was 2.4 mm (p = 0.02) and 6.5 mm on left ventricular end-diastolic diameter (p < 0.0001).",
"The results of this study demonstrate the interest of homeopathic medicines for the prevention and treatment of migraine attacks in children. A significant decrease in the frequency, severity, and duration of migraine attacks was observed and, consequently, reduced absenteeism from school.",
"M+V achieved better control of PPG excursion than S.",
"Across Africa, governments are committed to improve health and education of school-aged children, but seek clear policy and technical guidance as to the optimal approach to address malaria and improved literacy. This evaluation will be one of the first to simultaneously evaluate the impact of health and education interventions in the improvement of educational achievement. Reflection is made on the practical issues encountered in conducting research in schools in Africa.",
"Renal function seems to be associated with the levels of lifestyle and bio-clinical CVD risk factors and contribute to the long-term incidence of cardiac events. Public health care practitioners should take into account renal function in better preventing the burden of CVD at individual, and population level, as well.",
"A low-intensity dietary intervention with an LGI diet compared with an HE diet in pregnancy did not result in any significant differences in birth weight, fetal percentile, or PI.",
"OBJECTIVE - Cerebral infarction preferentially affects the posterior cerebral artery distribution in migraine patients. The results obtained from the few known studies that have compared the anterior and posterior cerebral endothelial function are contradictory. To the best of our knowledge, cerebrovascular reactivity to L-arginine (CVR), measured by transcranial Doppler sonography (TCD), has not been previously used to determine the posterior cerebral endothelial function in migraine patients with (MwA) and without aura (MwoA). MATERIALS AND METHODS -  Forty migraine patients without comorbidities (20 MwA, 20 MwoA) and 20 healthy subjects were included. By employing strict inclusion criteria, we avoided the possible vascular risk factors. Mean arterial velocity in the middle cerebral artery (MCA) and the posterior cerebral artery (PCA) was measured by TCD before and after infusion of L-arginine, and CVR to L-arginine was then calculated. RESULTS - All migraine patients had lower CVR to L-arginine in PCA (P = 0.002) and similar in MCA (P = 0.29) compared to healthy subjects. This difference was also present in MwA and MwoA compared to healthy subjects (P = 0.003). CONCLUSIONS -  Lower CVR to L-arginine in PCA in migraine patients could associate migraine and cerebral infarcts that are more common in the posterior cerebral artery distribution.",
"CT/F-guided CNB is a reliable method to obtain thoracic biopsies, with a complication rate of 2.0%.",
"In STEMI patients treated by PCI and TA, the additional intracoronary administration of adenosine, but not that of nitroprusside, results in a significant improvement of MVO, as assessed by STR.",
"An aggressive approach to reduce LA wall tension significantly improves restoration of sinus rhythm after the Maze procedure. LA wall tension directly affects sinus conversion. Further studies using pharmacologic intervention to reduce LA wall tension for maintenance of sinus rhythm need to be evaluated.",
"Mifepristone did not cause a clinically meaningful QTc prolongation in healthy volunteers at plasma concent rations of mifepristone and its main metabolites that clearly exceeded those seen in a previous TQT study.",
"This is the first reported study of ventricular activation patterns after cardiac transplantation, using electrocardiographic imaging (ECGI), a noninvasive method for electrophysiologic mapping. This study of ten patients reveals that transplanted hearts have unique ventricular activation patterns in sinus rhythm, activating early in the epicardial aspect of the anterior or inferior septum, with intact right and left bundle branch conduction. They have late activation with slowing of conduction near the right ventricular (RV) basal free wall, causing a mild QRS prolongation and an rSr' pattern in lead V1 of the ECG. PVCs arise from both endocardial and epicardial locations in both ventricles.",
"Neither vitD nor L-arginine supplementation, at the doses administered and with the power attained, affected TB outcomes.",
"This prospective study demonstrated a sensitivity of 82%-88% and specificity of 82%-84% for (123)I-MIBG imaging used in the diagnostic assessment of primary or metastatic pheochromocytoma or paraganglioma.",
"Clinical Trials Registry of India CTRI/2012/10/003060.",
"C-Tb offers a simple and convenient skin test to diagnose M. tuberculosis infection using a single, universal cut-off unaffected by BCG vaccination.",
"While long-term anticoagulation prevents ischemic stroke in high-risk patients with atrial fibrillation (AF), the optimal initial anti-thrombotic regime in acute AF is less well defined. We randomized 96 patients with new onset acute AF in an emergency admission ward to receive (1) once-daily preparation of low molecular weight heparin (LMWH), tinzaparin or (2) conventional intravenous unfractionated heparin (target APTT 50-70 s). 5 patients in unfractionated heparin group compared with no patients in LMWH group (0%, P = 0.04) developed ischemic stroke/transient ischemic attack during the first 48 h. An initial subcutaneous LMWH was safe and effective in ischemic stroke prevention in patients with acute AF.",
"Metoprolol and ivabradine exert a similar effect on resting HR in patients with IST. Ivabradine seems to be more effective to relieve symptoms during exercise or daily activity.",
"The treatment with a dietary supplement containing red yeast rice extract and policosanols has been for the first time successfully employed in hypercholesterolemic children. Results indicate this strategy as an effective, safe and well tolerated in a short-term trial.",
" Women had an anatomical disadvantage for LV lead placement and had higher LV lead pacing threshold compared to men. Implanting physicians should be aware of gender differences during LV lead placement in order to maximize CRT benefits. ",
"Heart failure with preserved ejection fraction (HFpEF) is recognized as a major cause of cardiovascular morbidity and mortality. An ability to identify patients with HFpEF who are at increased risk for adverse outcomes can facilitate their more careful management. We studied the patients having heart failure (HF) using data from the Heart Failure Adherence and Retention Trial (HART). HART enrolled 902 patients in the New York Heart Association (NYHA) class II or III who had been recently hospitalized for HF to study the impact of self-management counseling on the primary outcome of death or HF hospitalization. In HART, 208 patients had HFpEF and 692 had HF with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF) and were followed for a median of 1,080 days. Two final multivariate models were developed. In patients having HFpEF, predictors of primary outcome were male gender (odds ratio [OR] 3.45, p = 0.004), NYHA class III (OR 3.05, p = 0.008), distance covered on a 6-minute walk test (6-MWT) of <620 feet (OR 2.81, p = 0.013), and <80% adherence to prescribed medications (OR 2.61, p = 0.018). In patients having HFrEF, the predictors were being on diuretics (OR 3.06, p = 0.001), having ≥3 co-morbidities (OR 2.11, p = 0.0001), distance covered on a 6-MWT of <620 feet (OR 1.94, p = 0.001), NYHA class III (OR 1.90, p = 0.001), and age >65 years (OR 1.63, p = 0.01). In conclusion, indicators of functional status (6-MWT and NYHA class) were common to both patients with HFpEF and those with HFrEF, whereas gender and adherence to prescribed therapy were unique to patients having HFpEF in predicting death or HF hospitalization.",
"null",
"The findings of this study indicate that losartan is non-inferior to nifedipine for reducing PAP and improving exercise capacity. However, the short-term use of losartan or nifedipine had no statistically significant effect on endothelin-1 levels in patients with secondary PHT.",
"The prevalence of infections in the 1st year after kidney transplantation is very high, occurring mainly in the early period, in the urinary tract, and due to E. coli. Cytomegalovirus replication is associated with a higher number of infections and higher serum creatinine at 1 year. Body mass index is a predictor of early infection and of bacteremia in the post-transplantation period. Basiliximab induction and having a double-J stent were predictors of severe infections.",
"UMIN-CTR Clinical Trial Number: UMIN000006982; https://upload.umin.ac.jp/cgi-open-bin/ctr/ctr.cgi?function=brows&action=brows&type=summary&recptno=R000008238&language=E (Archived by WebCite at http://www.webcitation.org/6MRPQeEAv).",
"Pulmonary hypertension may be associated with mortality in pertussis critical illness. Elevated WBC is associated with the need for mechanical ventilation, pulmonary hypertension, and mortality risk. Research is indicated to elucidate how pulmonary hypertension, immune responsiveness, and elevated WBC contribute to morbidity and mortality and whether leukoreduction might be efficacious.",
"ERAF after cryoballoon ablation occurs in ≈50% of patients and is strongly associated with LR. Early reablation for ERAF is associated with excellent long-term freedom from recurrent AF.",
"Despite the already wide experience with video-assisted techniques in laparoscopic surgery, video-assisted thoracic surgery only recently came to be developed. This is clearly seen in a survey reflecting the experience among Belgian surgeons. A majority of the surgeons (63%) had limited experience (1 to 5 interventions), and only 28.5% had fairly considerable (between 11 and 20 interventions) or considerable (more than 20 interventions) experience. The majority of interventions performed were the treatment of pneumothorax, lung biopsies, wedge resections, and intrathoracic staging procedures, accounting for 209 (70%) of the 296 interventions collected in this survey. The remaining interventions display a wide variety of different thoracic procedures including lobectomy (4) and esophagectomy (20) for carcinoma. The overall technical success rate was 91% in this survey. Our own experience with 71 interventions or attempts reflects the same evolution with an overall technical success rate in 85% (60 patients). Pneumothorax was the most frequently performed intervention (35 patients), with a technical success rate of 94.5% (32 patients). Recurrences requiring further treatment occurred in 5 of the 32 patients (14.3%). All recurrences occurred before endostaplers were available, after which there were no failures in 12 consecutive cases. Other procedures successfully performed were lung biopsy/wedge resection (6), lung cancer staging procedures (3), lobectomy (1), hemothorax (3), chest wall neurinoma (2), sympathectomy (5), dorsal mediastinal neurinoma (1), thymectomy (1), esophagectomy (3), benign esophageal tumor enucleation (2), and Belsey Mark IV antireflux procedure (1). Furthermore, special emphasis was given to the development of video-assisted mediastinoscopy, which greatly facilitates teaching and interpreting this operation. Endoscopic myotomy using endostaplers was performed in 2 patients with Zenker's diverticulum. From our experience, however, it becomes clear that thoracoscopic approaches do not always result in a distinct benefit for the patient, as these procedures are more time consuming and usually require one-lung ventilation (probably the cause of the only fatal outcome in this series: a lung biopsy in an 85-year-old patient). In conclusion, video-assisted thoracic and thoracoscopic surgery is a new surgical modality offering new perspectives. However, careful patient selection and the same expertise as in open procedures are essential in determining the final outcome of each procedure.",
"Aortic excursion is diminished in the right ventricular pressure overload of CTEPH. This impaired motion of the aortic root may influence systolic expansion of the left atrium, and may contribute to the impaired left atrial diastolic filling patterns often seen in patients with CTEPH.",
"Multispecialty community practice enrollment into a large pragmatic trial of diagnostic testing strategies is both feasible and efficient. The PROMISE trial will compare the clinical effectiveness of an initial strategy of functional testing against an initial strategy of anatomical testing in symptomatic patients with suspected CAD. Quality of life, resource use, cost-effectiveness, and radiation exposure will be assessed.",
"IPT had no effect on changes in QFT-GIT readouts during short-term follow-up of adults with positive tuberculin skin tests in a high TB incidence setting. QFT-GIT is unlikely to be a useful biomarker of response to treatment of latent TB infection.",
"Tuberculous meningitis (TBM) is the most lethal form of tuberculosis, and new treatments that improve outcomes are required. We randomly assigned adults with TBM to treatment with standard antituberculosis treatment alone or in combination with ciprofloxacin (750 mg/12 h), levofloxacin (500 mg/12 h), or gatifloxacin (400 mg/24 h) for the first 60 days of therapy. Fluoroquinolone concentrations were measured with plasma and cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) specimens taken at predetermined, randomly assigned times throughout treatment. We aimed to describe the pharmacokinetics of each fluoroquinolone during TBM treatment and evaluate the relationship between drug exposure and clinical response over 270 days of therapy (Controlled Trials number ISRCTN07062956). Sixty-one patients with TBM were randomly assigned to treatment with no fluoroquinolone (n = 15), ciprofloxacin (n = 16), levofloxacin (n = 15), or gatifloxacin (n = 15). Cerebrospinal fluid penetration, measured by the ratio of the plasma area under the concentration-time curve from 0 to 24 h (AUC(0-24)) to the cerebrospinal fluid AUC(0-24), was greater for levofloxacin (median, 0.74; range, 0.58 to 1.03) than for gatifloxacin (median, 0.48; range, 0.47 to 0.50) or ciprofloxacin (median, 0.26; range, 0.11 to 0.77). Univariable and multivariable analyses of fluoroquinolone exposure against a range of different treatment responses revealed worse outcomes among patients with lower and higher plasma and CSF exposures than for patients with intermediate exposures (a U-shaped exposure-response). TBM patients most likely to benefit from fluoroquinolone therapy were identified, along with exposure-response relationships associated with improved outcomes. Fluoroquinolones add antituberculosis activity to the standard treatment regimen, but to improve outcomes of TBM, they must be started early, before the onset of coma.",
"Carvedilol is superior to metoprolol on decreasing the incidence of VA in aged patients with chronic heart failure and ventricular arrhythmia.",
"Hydroxyurea is used since close to 10 years in the treatment of major sickle cell anemia. In African sub Sahara, very little study have been dedicated. Yet, this drug represents nowadays, an alternative tot the bone marrow transplantation in the treatment of this illness. This study permits to illustrate the beneficial effects of this drung on 132 patients affected by of major sickle cell anemia. It is about patients whose middle age is of 28 years (range 14 and 54 years), most frequently masculine sex, followed regularly in the service of haematology of CHUB. The treatment consisted to the administration of the hydroxyurea to the posology between 10 and 30 mg/kg per day. The essentially clinical assessment focused on the sickle cell anemia crises and the modifications of hematologic's parameters. The experimentation has been pursued beyond the 18th month among 108 patients. It takes out again of this survey disappearances of the vasculo occlusive crises among 103 patients on 132 (78.03%) during the first 18 months of the survey. Only 10 patients (7.57%) benefited blood transfusion during the period of the survey because of the infectious complications. The hydroxyurea led a meaningful and spontaneous increase of the haemoglobin rate (+2,54 g/dl) of the middle globular volume (+ 16,02 femtolitres) as well as of the rate of haemoglobin foetale on 65 estimated patients. The hydroxyurea didn't bring any objective improvement on the pre-existing dénénératives complications. The treatment has been interrupted precociously among 5 patients for cytopenia. This survey confirms to short and middle term the beneficial effects of the hydroxyurea on the major sickle cell anaemia.",
"null",
"AL remains a highly effective and well-tolerated treatment for uncomplicated falciparum malaria in the study setting after several years of universal access to AL. A high rate of parasitaemia with P. vivax possibly from relapse or new infection was observed.",
"Vitamin E is effective in relieving symptoms due to menstrual migraine.",
"We found a statistically significantly association between a lower mean IOP and a thinner cornea when baseline IOP is controlled for. The magnitude of the relationship is small but may be clinically significant in patients with either very thin or very thick corneas.",
"The clinical studies whose data are analysed and reported in this work were not required to be registered in France at their time. Both studies were approved by local ethics committees (of Mondor Hospital and of Kremlin-Bicetre Hospital) and written informed consent was obtained from each patient.",
"With the use of leukocyte reduction filters, we found significantly lower beta-glucuronidase levels in arterial and coronary sinus blood samples. These findings seem to confirm reduced PMN activation and/or reduced myocardial infiltration by activated PMN. Plasma levels of lysozyme, a characteristic product of PMN degranulation, did not show significant differences between the study groups.",
"Geometric ring annuloplasty facilitated aortic valve repair, allowing more precise reconstruction of leaflet defects. Aortic insufficiency reduction and systolic gradients were excellent, and expansion of valve reconstruction into broader categories of aortic valve disease seems indicated.",
"This study compared the efficacy against Plasmodium falciparum gametocytes of four regimens: amodiaquine-sulfadoxine/pyrimethamine (AQ-SP) and mefloquine-artesunate (MQ-AS), with and without primaquine (PQ) administered with the second dose of the schizonticide (AQ-SP; AQ-SP-PQ; MQ-AS; MQ-AS-PQ). Efficacy was determined by thick smear on days 1, 4 and 8 after the beginning of treatment. A total of 82 patients (19-23/group) were recruited. After AQ-SP administration, gametocytemia steadily increased until day 8. With AQ-SP-PQ, a marked decline in gametocytemia was detected on days 4 and 8. MQ-AS treatment resulted in reduced gametocytemia on days 4 and 8, and with MQ-AS-PQ it was reduced even further. None of the treatments cleared gametocytemia by day 8. Currently, artemisinin-based combination therapies plus PQ are the recommended treatment option against falciparum malaria; however, further studies are required to optimize the use of PQ. Issues to be addressed include the optimal time of administration, treatment duration, optimal daily and total dose, and day of evaluation of the gametocytocidal effect. In falciparum malaria, the WHO recommends a maximum of 4days of treatment; consequently, an effective regimen must clear asexual parasites and symptoms within this time frame. The same criteria should be taken into account when evaluating the anti-gametocyte activity.",
"These findings suggest that statins can reduce EL expression in vitro and in vivo via inhibition of RhoA activity. The inhibition of EL expression in the vessel wall may contribute to the anti-atherogenic effects of statins.",
"EFV concentrations were significantly increased in the EFV 800 mg group on RFN. There was no significant decrease in EFV concentrations when on RFN in the 600 mg group. Dose escalation of EFV 600 mg to 800 mg is not required during concomitant TB therapy in South Africa.",
"In this small group of patients, slowing heart rates due to malaria resolution best explained the observed increases in the QTcF intervals.",
"Betaxolol ophthalmic suspension 0.25%, TGFS 0.25%, and TGFS 0.5% were well tolerated. Despite low responder rates, all 3 treatments produced statistically significant mean reductions in IOP in pediatric glaucoma subjects.",
"The genetic component of susceptibility to malaria is both complex and multigenic and the better-known protective polymorphisms are those involving erythrocyte-specific structural proteins and enzymes. In vivo and in vitro data have suggested that pyruvate kinase deficiency, which causes a nonspherocytic haemolytic anaemia, could be protective against malaria severity in humans, but this hypothesis remains to be tested. In the present study, we conducted a combined analysis of Short Tandem Repeats (STRs) and Single Nucleotide Polymorphisms (SNPs) in the pyruvate kinase-encoding gene (PKLR) and adjacent regions (chromosome 1q21) to look for malaria selective signatures in two sub-Saharan African populations from Angola and Mozambique, in several groups with different malaria infection outcome. A European population from Portugal, including a control and a pyruvate kinase-deficient group, was used for comparison. Data from STR and SNP loci spread along the PKLR gene region showed a considerably higher differentiation between African and Portuguese populations than that usually found for neutral markers. In addition, a wider region showing strong linkage disequilibrium was found in an uncomplicated malaria group, and a haplotype was found to be associated with this clinical group. Altogether, this data suggests that malaria selective pressure is acting in this genomic region.",
"In this "real-world" observational study, there was no significant difference in the clinical outcome of PPCI for patients who had abciximab or bivalirudin after initial pre-treatment with UFH.",
"Poor agreement between implanting physician and core lab CXR-based categorizations of LV lead position was observed. Neither categorization method resulted in significant associations between apical or anterior LV lead position and the risk of the composite primary outcome of death or heart failure hospitalization. However, CXR-defined apical lead position was associated with increased risk of HF hospitalization.",
"The prevalence of diabetes is increasing worldwide and India stands second next only to china. The management of diabetes in real life settings needs to be evaluated for deriving better management practices. A1chieve observational study evaluated the use of modern insulin in real life settings. This was a 24-week, international, prospective, multicenter, non-interventional, observational study of people with type 2 diabetes. India recruited with 20,554 subjects and a total of 1815 patients were enrolled to receive insulin aspart as bolus insulin therapy of whom 1450 (79.9%) were insulin naïve and 365 (20.1%) were insulin users. At the end of 24 weeks, only one SAE was reported in this study and overall hypoglycemia events per patient year decreased from 2.49 (348 episodes) to 0.17 (20 episodes). There were no major hypoglycemic episodes reported in either insulin naive or insulin treated subjects. There was a significant improvement in the HbA(1c) values from the baseline in both insulin naive and insulin users. The mean HbA(1c) value was reduced from 9.5 to 7.4 (p < 0.001) for insulin naïve subjects and from 9.2 to 7.7 (p < 0.001) in insulin experienced subjects. Fasting plasma glucose values decreased by 70 mg/dL and 50 mg/dL in insulin naive and insulin experienced, respectively and the difference from baseline was statistically significant (P < 0.001). The post prandial glucose value was also significantly (p < 0.001) reduced by 105 mg/dL for insulin naïve subjects and 55 mg/dL for insulin experienced subjects. The composite end point was achieved by 46.6% of insulin naive and 38.1% of insulin-experienced subjects. The study concluded with good HbA(1c) reduction along with lower incidence of hypoglycemia and better health related quality of life outcomes in both in insulin naive and insulin experienced subjects who used insulin aspart as bolus insulin treatment.",
"Butyrate analogues have been shown to increase fetal hemoglobin (HbF) production in vitro and in vivo. Sodium phenylbutyrate (SPB), an oral agent used to treat individuals with urea-cycle disorders, has been shown to increase HbF in nonanemic individuals and in individuals with sickle cell disease. We have treated eleven patients with homozygous beta thalassemia (three transfusion dependent) and one sickle-beta-thalassemia patient with 20 g/d (forty 500-mg tablets) of SPB for 41 to 460 days. All patients showed an increase in the percent of F reticulocytes associated with treatment, but only four patients responded by increasing their Hb levels by greater than 1 g/dL (mean increase, 2.1 g/dL; range, 1.2 to 2.8 g/dL). None of the transfusion-dependent thalassemia subjects responded. Increase in Hb was associated with an increase in red blood cell number (mean increase, 0.62 x 10(12)/L), and mean corpuscular volume (mean increase, 6 fL). Changes in percent HbF, absolute HbF levels, or alpha- to non-alpha-globin ratios as measured by levels of mRNA and globin protein in peripheral blood did not correlate with response to treatment. Response to treatment was not associated with the type of beta-globin mutation, but baseline erythropoietin levels of greater than 120 mU/mL was seen in all responders and only two of eight nonresponders to SPB. Compliance with treatment was greater than 90% as measured by pill counts. Side effects of the drug included weight gain and/or edema caused by increase salt load in 2/12, transient epigastric discomfort in 7/12, and abnormal body odor in 3/12 subjects. Two splenectomized patients who were not on prophylactic antibiotics developed sepsis while on treatment. We conclude that SPB increases Hb in some patients with thalassemia, but the precise mechanism of action is unknown.",
"ISRCTN69189899.",
"null",
"This study shows a change in process of glaucoma treatment and lower achieved IOP after new glaucoma drugs had become available.",
"In a prospective nonrandomized study, a completely self-contained, single-chamber leadless cardiac pacemaker has shown to be safe and feasible. The absence of a transvenous lead and subcutaneous pulse generator could represent a paradigm shift in cardiac pacing.",
"Both older and younger patients incurred excess risk of complications. Older patients suffered excess mortality, AF, and HF, whereas younger incurred excess morbidity linked to subsequent long-term excess mortality. The excess risks of uncorrected degenerative MR should be considered in deliberating surgical management, which significantly reduced mortality in older patients and HF in younger patients.",
"Ultrasound-guided neurostimulator-confirmed supraclavicular block is more rapidly performed and provides a block of better quality than supraclavicular block using anatomic landmarks and neurostimulator confirmation.",
"Standardized treatment was superior to non-standardized treatment for clinical efficacy of TCM combined with WM in patients with diabetic acute ischemic stroke, and the superiority was more obvious in improving neural dysfunction, ADL score, and TCM symptoms. The adverse reactions were similar in the two treatment groups.",
"In an analysis of cognitive function associated with the time in therapeutic range (TTR) in the Atrial Fibrillation Clopidogrel Trial With Irbesartan for Prevention of Vascular Events, 2510 patients (mean age, 71+/-9.5 years) from 27 countries completed the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE). Of these patients, 171 (6.8%) had an MMSE score <24, suggesting dementia, and 194 (7.7%) had intermediate scores of 24 to 25. Low MMSE scores were correlated with a low TTR. Even mild cognitive impairment was associated with a TTR below the median (<65%). Patients with an MMSE score <26 had more vascular events (6.7% versus 3.6% per 100 patient-years; P=0.002) and more bleeding (9.6% versus 7% per 100 patient-years; P=0.04). After controlling for TTR, the MMSE no longer conferred increased risk, suggesting that if improved anticoagulation was provided, vascular events and bleeding would be reduced. Other independent factors associated with a TTR <65% were region of the world, recent initiation of vitamin K antagonist, type of anticoagulant, and concurrent use of amiodarone or insulin. After adjustment for these factors, lower MMSE scores still predicted a reduced TTR.",
"Because the efficacy of both drugs was equivalent, with an identical safety profile, the long-acting eye drops seem to be an efficacious formulation for clinical use in Japanese glaucoma patients.",
"The present simple measure of DP-AHS1 can reflect plasma adrenaline and lactate levels during graded exercise testing. Further, DPBP-AHS1 is a surrogate marker of AT and a good index of functional aerobic capacity.",
"Intramuscular artesunate may be superior to intramuscular artemether for the treatment of severe malaria in adults.",
"The Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research, Dutch Cancer Society, Vanderes Foundation, Association pour la Recherche contre le Cancer, Institut National de la Santé et de la Recherche Médicale, and a PHRC grant COMETE 3 for the COMETE network.",
"We examined the safety, immunogenicity and efficacy of a prime-boost vaccination regime involving two poxvirus malaria subunit vaccines, FP9-PP and MVA-PP, expressing the same polyprotein consisting of six pre-erythrocytic antigens from Plasmodium falciparum. Following safety assessment of single doses, 15 volunteers received a heterologous prime-boost vaccination regime and underwent malaria sporozoite challenge. The vaccines were safe but interferon-γ ELISPOT responses were low compared to other poxvirus vectors, despite targeting multiple antigens. There was no vaccine efficacy as measured by delay in time to parasitaemia. A number of possible explanations are discussed, including the very large insert size of the polyprotein transgene.",
"In general, AL was effective and well tolerated in Jimma Zone, Ethiopia. However, the PCR-corrected recrudescence rate per-protocol at day 42 for children ≤ 5 years was 9.4%. Therefore, further development should be monitored on a regular basis as recommended by WHO.",
"Sickle cell disease is characterized by vaso-occlusive episodes, mainly in the small vessels, resulting in tissue ischemia, multi-organ failure, and, occasionally, death. Hydroxyurea (HU) is an agent with important and effective role in the treatment of patients suffering from this disease. The purpose of this study was to estimate the effect of HU on the deformability of the red blood cell's membrane (RBCM) in an effort to possibly improve the rheological properties of the RBCs of patients with sickle cell anemia (SCA), as well as to investigate the mechanical and rheological properties of these cells using micropipette and filtration techniques. The rigidity index, IR, which is a measure of cell rigidity and the elastic shear modulus, mu, which is a measure of cell's membrane deformability (CMd), of the RBCs from normal subjects, used as normal controls, were found significantly lower as compared to those of patients with SCA, regardless the treatment with HU. Patients under treatment with HU exhibited values better than those of untreated patients, in both, IR as well as mu, although still worse than the values of normal controls.",
"Activation imaging with 3D-STE may be a feasible noninvasive method of dyssynchrony imaging based on electromechanical coupling. ",
"The author(s) have no proprietary or commercial interest in any materials discussed in this article.",
"Fewer children had early treatment failure and the mean temperature was slightly lower in the afternoon on day 0 in the paracetamol group. However, the cumulative adequate clinical and parasitological cure rates were not significantly different during the period of study. It is doubtful whether adding paracetamol to the treatment of uncomplicated malaria in children is beneficial.",
"Among a representative sample of patients discharged with MI in Italy, we observed clinically significant synergism between the effects of statins and n-3 PUFA for most cardiovascular outcomes, including all cause mortality.",
"After acute myocardial infarction, the presence of no-reflow (or microvascular obstruction: MVO) has been associated with adverse left ventricular (LV) remodeling and worse clinical outcome. This study examined the effects of mechanical ischemic postconditioning on early and late MVO size in acute ST-elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) patients. Fifty patients undergoing primary coronary angioplasty for a first STEMI with TIMI grade flow 0-1 and no collaterals were randomized to ischemic postconditioning (PC) (n = 25) or control (n = 25) groups. Ischemic PC consisted in the application of four consecutive cycles of a 1-min balloon occlusion, each followed by a 1-min deflation at the onset of reperfusion. Early (3 min post-contrast) and late (10 min post-contrast) MVO size were assessed by contrast-enhanced cardiac-MRI within 96 h after reperfusion. PC was associated with smaller early and late MVO size (3.9 ± 4.8 in PC versus 7.8 ± 6.6% of LV in controls for early MVO, P = 0.02; and 1.8 ± 3.1 in PC versus 4.1 ± 3.9% of LV in controls for late MVO; P = 0.01). This significant reduction was persistent after adjustment for thrombus aspiration, which neither had any significant effect on infarct size, nor on early or late MVO (P = NS for all). Attenuation of MVO was associated to infarct size reduction. Mechanical postconditioning significantly reduces MVO in patients with acute STEMI treated with primary angioplasty.",
"In patients with dilated cardiomyopathy, transendocardial CD34(+) cell transplantation is associated with higher myocardial retention rates and greater improvement in ventricular function, N-terminal pro-brain natriuretic peptide, and exercise capacity compared with intracoronary route.",
"The possible effect of pentoxifylline (Trental) in sickle celle disease was tested in 2 clinical trials: a controlled double-blinded intravenous study involving patients hospitalized with painful crises and an ublinded 5-month oral study in steady state patients. In the intravenous trial 29 painful episodes were treated in 16 patients. Complete blood counts, serum chemistries, red cell density gradients, intracellular pH, p50, whole blood viscosity, plasma viscosity and red cell distribution widths were monitored daily during the hospital admission. We confirmed the decrease of dense red cells during crisis and found, in addition, the related significant decrease in whole blood p50. There were no major differences in any of these parameters when pentoxifylline was compared to placebo for each individual day. When the data was examined over time, minor differences emerged. The red cell distribution width, the number of cells in density fraction SS2 (discocytes) and the plasma viscosity were all slightly higher over time in the pentoxifylline group than in the control group. In the oral group 23 patients were monitored for the same parameters on seven visits during a five month period. Administration of oral pentoxifylline produced no changes from baseline for all parameters examined except for a statistically significant, but minor, increase in plasma viscosity demonstrable for these patients during one visit only. We conclude that pentoxifylline has little effect on laboratory parameters in sickle cell disease.",
"Australia and New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry: ACTRN12611000262909.",
"In PNG, where Plasmodium vivax accounts for an important part of all malaria infections, population hemoglobin mean and anemia prevalence correlate well with altitude, parasite, and spleen rates. Hb measurement is simple and affordable, and may be a useful new tool, alone or in association with other metrics, for estimating malaria endemicity and monitoring effectiveness of malaria control programs. Further prospective studies in areas with different malaria epidemiology and different factors contributing to the burden of anemia are warranted to investigate the usefulness of Hb metrics in monitoring malaria transmission intensity.",
"Clinical predictors of long-term outcomes in patients with critical limb ischemia (CLI) treated with endovascular therapy (EVT) remain unclear. In this study, clinical predictors of long-term outcomes in EVT-treated patients with CLI were investigated. In this prospective, observational study, we analyzed a total of 253 Taiwanese patients with CLI with 314 limbs who underwent EVT between 2005 and 2012. Cox models were used to estimate hazard ratios of death, limb loss, and sustained clinical success (SCS). Multivariate analysis showed that age, atrial fibrillation (AF), end-stage renal disease (ESRD), and albumin were significant predictors of mortality. Patients with coronary artery disease and low albumin levels had a significant risk of major limb amputation, while AF, ESRD, and albumin were significant, independent predictors of SCS. In addition to previously reported predictors, we showed that AF and malnutrition can be used to predict long-term outcome in EVT-treated patients with CLI.",
"latanoprost, a prostaglandin analogue, is effective in reducing IOP in chronic angle closure glaucoma patients and its efficacy is not affected by the degree of angle closure by peripheral anterior synechiae.",
"Ponatinib is associated with a low risk of QTc prolongation in patients with refractory hematological malignancies.",
"In the setting of true coronary bifurcations treated by DES, baseline CRP levels were significantly associated with both the incidence and the extent of PMI.",
"Short-term treatment with ALO/PIO or ALO improved glycemic control in well-controlled T2DM patients, but only combined ALO/PIO improved β-cell function. These data support that initial combination therapy with a DPP4 inhibitor and TZD to address multiple core defects in T2DM may be a sensible approach.",
"Brazilians migraneurs are more often undertreated for migraine, and underutilization of triptans and preventatives was observed.",
"Transient use of small amounts of corticosteroids shortly after AF ablation may be effective and safe for preventing not only immediate AF recurrences but also AF recurrences during the mid-term follow-up period after PVI.",
"BM-MNC infusion for type 2 diabetes mellitus improves islet function and metabolic control, with mild adverse effects. HOT does not synergize with BM-MNC infusion.",
"Administration of a statin in hypertensive patients in whom blood pressure is effectively reduced by concomitant antihypertensive treatment does not have an additional blood pressure lowering effect. Trial registration BRISQUI_*IV_2004_001 (registered at Osservatorio Nazionale sulla Sperimentazione Clinica dei Medicinali-National Monitoring Centre on Clinical Research with Medicines).",
"Artemisinin-resistant malaria along the Thailand-Cambodian border is an important public health concern, yet mechanisms of drug action and their contributions to the development of resistance are poorly understood. The pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of oral artesunate monotherapy were explored in a dose-ranging trial in an area of emerging artesunate resistance in western Cambodia. We enrolled 143 evaluable subjects with uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria in an open label study of directly observed artesunate monotherapy at 3 dose levels (2, 4, and 6 mg/kg of body weight/day) for 7 days at Tasanh Health Center, Tasanh, Cambodia. Clinical outcomes were similar among the 3 groups. Wide variability in artesunate and dihydroartemisinin concentrations in plasma was observed. No significant dose-effect or concentration-effect relationships between pharmacokinetic (PK) and parasite clearance parameters were observed, though baseline parasitemia was modestly correlated with increased parasite clearance times. The overall parasite clearance times were prolonged compared with the clearance times in a previous study at this site in 2006 to 2007, but this did not persist when the evaluation was limited to subjects with a comparable artesunate dose (4 mg/kg/day) and baseline parasitemia from the two studies. Reduced plasma drug levels with higher presentation parasitemias, previously hypothesized to result from partitioning into infected red blood cells, was not observed in this population with uncomplicated malaria. Neither in vitro parasite susceptibility nor plasma drug concentrations appeared to have a direct relationship with the pharmacodynamic (PD) effects of oral artesunate on malaria parasites. While direct concentration-effect relationships were not found, it remains possible that a population PK modeling approach that allows modeling of greater dose separation might discern more-subtle relationships.",
"(www.pactr.org) PACTR201305000551876.",
"DFT testing at the time of ICD implantation is not associated with acute adverse effects on renal function.",
"In this study, T2DM is not a significant risk factor for depression and anxiety; similarly, neither are depression and anxiety significant risk factors for T2DM. Although prevalence of depression and anxiety is not alarming, the findings reported here should alert clinicians to screen and treat anxiety and depression in people with diabetes and also note the importance of monitoring women with complications in pregnancy for risk of later T2DM.",
"The relationships between pheochromocytoma and cerebral aneurysm are discussed.",
"Because our institution does not see the volume of referral patients as does the Mayo Clinic, we suggest that the frequency of pheochromocytoma may be underestimated in the patient population that we serve.",
"At 3 months of treatment, 68 (88.3%) of the 77 patients in the LFX group and 67 (90.5%) of the 74 in the MXF group showed conversion to negative sputum cultures (odds ratio for LFX compared with MXF, 0.78; 95% confidence interval, 0.27-2.20). Adverse drug reactions were reported in six patients (7.7%) in the LFX group and four (5.2%) in the MXF group (P = 0.75).",
"AVJ block did not improve survival for patients in AF treated with CRT. Basal NYHA functional class IV, poor renal function, and LVEF were the independent predictors of mortality.",
"The results call for urgent strategies to identify effective diagnostic tools for malaria in pregnancy and to assess the negative effects of the over-use of antimalarial drugs in pregnancy.",
"The use of CDA for treating uncomplicated malaria may increase the risk of haemolytic anaemia in G6PD-deficient children.",
"Contemporary cardioversion of AF is routinely successfully and safely performed with a high proportion of patients in SR at 1-year follow-up.",
"The presented normative ranges and equations could help standardize the 3D echocardiography assessment of RV volumes and function in clinical practice, considering the effects of age, sex, and body size.",
"The present study formed part of a randomised controlled trial of telehealth for in-home monitoring to support people with poorly controlled type 2 diabetes. We explored the experiences of patients and healthcare practitioners, and their perceptions of the telehealth model of care used in the trial. In addition to their usual diabetes care, participants receive diabetes care from a diabetes educator nurse via an in-home broadband communication device. On average, each patient participated in 14 videoconferences with a diabetes care coordinator during the 12-month trial period. Qualitative data was collected from two general practices and included semi-structured interviews and document review of patient clinical notes. A total of 12 people were interviewed: 8 health practitioners and 4 patients. Patients and health practitioners expressed a high level of satisfaction with the model of care provided. Patients also reported positive health and social outcomes as a result of being involved in the trial and indicated that in the main they had achieved their goals and were happy with their progress over the 12-month period. Analysis of interviews revealed three broad elements associated with the implementation of telehealth: interpersonal factors, operational problems and the wider health system context within which the general practices and trial team were operating. The findings suggest that adopting telehealth in the management of type 2 diabetes can lead to improved diabetes control, but more support is required to ensure sustainability and widespread implementation.",
"Postoperative glycemic variability is associated with MAEs after cardiac surgery. Glycemic variability is only measured when the patient leaves the intensive care unit, and there is no opportunity to intervene earlier. Preoperative HbA1C identifies risk for postoperative glycemic variability and may provide a more rational guide for targeting measures to reduce variability.",
"(18) F-FDOPA PET appears to be a very sensitive functional imaging tool for HNPGL regardless of the genetic status of the tumours. Patients with false-negative tumours on (18) F-FDOPA PET should be tested for SDHx mutations.",
"Higher admission heart rate is independently associated with worse outcomes in patients admitted for HF, including those in SR and AF. Whether early heart rate reduction improves outcomes in patients hospitalized with HF is worthy of investigation.",
"EBHM extract may have a partial protective effect on the visual field of glaucoma patients with controlled IOP. Further studies are needed to determine the safety and effectiveness of long-term EBHM treatment.",
"The QT interval after sinus restoration could be estimated better using QT/RR-average than using QT/RR-single during AF.",
"It has been observed that elderly patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation (NVAF) benefit from standard [an international normalised ratio (INR) goal of 2.0-3.0] oral anticoagulant treatment (OAT). The hypothesis that lower-intensity anticoagulation therapy can offset the higher bleeding risk in this population has never been tested in an 'ad hoc' clinical trial. Patients over 75 years of age with NVAF were randomised to receive warfarin to maintain the INR at 1.8 (range 1.5-2.0) or at a standard target of 2.5 (range 2.0-3.0). There were 135 patients in the low-intensity and 132 in the standard-intensity groups. During a mean follow-up lasting 5.1 years, 59 primary outcome events (thromboembolism and major haemorrhage) were recorded, 24 (3.5 per 100 patient-years) in the low-intensity group and 35 (5.0 per 100 patient-years) in the standard-intensity group (HR=0.7, 95% CI 0.4-1.1, p=0.1). The reduction in the primary endpoint was mainly due to a diminution in major bleedings (1.9 vs. 3.0 per 100 patient-years; HR=0.6, 95% CI 0.3-1.2, p=0.1). The median achieved INR value was 1.86 in the low-intensity and 2.24 in the standard-intensity group (p<0.001). The frequency of INR testing was 26.1 +/- 13.5 vs. 24.3 +/- 11.6 days, p<0.0001). In this exploratory study we observed a low rate of stroke and major bleeding in elderly patients (>75) being managed in an anticoagulation clinic for primary stroke prevention with low-intensity anticoagulation (INR 1.5-2.0). However, further trials are needed to confirm the hypothesis generated by the present study.",
"The frequency of DKA in youth with type 1 diabetes, although stable, remains high, indicating a persistent need for increased awareness of signs and symptoms of diabetes and better access to health care. In youth with type 2 diabetes, DKA at onset is less common and is decreasing over time.",
"In patients with elevated IOP, PF and PC dorzolamide/timolol were equivalent in efficacy for change in trough and peak IOP, and had generally similar tolerability.",
"null",
"The results of our study show that patients with inappropriate sinus tachycardia can be successfully treated with ivabradine.",
"RR-NSVT was documented on ICD interrogation in 186 of 811 patients (22.9%). The mean duration of RR-NSVT was 26.4 ± 9.1 beats (7.5 ± 2.6 s), with a mean cycle length of 259 ± 32 ms. Polymorphic RR-NSVT accounted for 56% of episodes. Compared with patients without RR-NSVT, those with RR-NSVT were less likely to be taking beta-blockers, statins, or aspirin at enrollment. After adjusting for other known predictors of mortality in SCD-HeFT, RR-NSVT was independently associated with appropriate ICD shocks (hazard ratio: 4.25; 95% confidence interval: 2.94 to 6.14; p < 0.0001), with all-cause mortality (hazard ratio: 2.40; 95% confidence interval: 1.62 to 3.54; p < 0.0001), and with a composite of all-cause mortality and appropriate ICD shocks (hazard ratio: 3.03; 95% confidence interval: 2.21 to 4.15; p < 0.0001).",
"Among the possible beneficial effects of BCACs toward visual field progression in patients with OAG, our present results suggest that BCACs caused normalization of serum ET-1 levels, and this may modulate ET-1-dependent regulation of the ocular blood hemodynamics.",
"There was no evidence of efficacy of NABUREN in reducing the incidence, severity, and duration of acute radiation proctitis. There was a correlation between some endpoints and clinical risk factors.",
"Both MCT and NA allowed safe management of primary spontaneous pneumothorax in the outpatient setting.",
"URL: http://www.chictr.org; Unique identifier: ChiCTR-TRC-11001191.",
"Depression is common among patients treated with PCI. Postprocedure depression is an independent predictor of 3-year MACE, mortality, and repeat revascularization.",
"Fifty-two patients (age 63 ± 9 years, EF 24 ± 8%) were randomized, 26 each to ablation and rate control. At 12 months, 88% of ablation patients maintained sinus rhythm (single-procedure success 68%). Under rate control, rate criteria were achieved in 96%. The primary endpoint, peak oxygen consumption, significantly increased in the ablation arm compared with rate control (difference +3.07 ml/kg/min, 95% confidence interval: 0.56 to 5.59, p = 0.018). The change was not evident at 3 months (+0.79 ml/kg/min, 95% confidence interval: -1.01 to 2.60, p = 0.38). Ablation improved Minnesota score (p = 0.019) and B-type natriuretic peptide (p = 0.045) and showed nonsignificant trends toward improved 6-min walk distance (p = 0.095) and EF (p = 0.055).",
"Elderly patients with AF do not show clear gender related differences in the risk of major adverse events. However, elderly males showed a higher rate of bleeding complications, and females showed a slightly higher rate of stroke, thus suggesting the possibility of a higher net clinical benefit of anticoagulant treatment in females.",
"LAV is an independent correlate of clinical outcomes in mildly symptomatic HF patients treated with CRT-D. CRT exerts pronounced reverse remodeling effects on the left atrium that independently correlate with improved clinical outcomes after device implantation.",
"null",
"The 24/4 COC regimen is recommended as the preferred treatment for patients suffering from pure menstrual migraine without aura.",
"While Arg alone does not increase serum NO(x) production in SCD patients at steady state, it does when given together with HU. Hence, co-administration of Arg with HU may augment the NO(x) response in SCD and improve utilization of Arg in patients at steady state.",
"Our findings indicate that food elimination based on IgG antibodies in migraine patients who suffer from concomitant IBS may effectively reduce symptoms from both disorders with possible positive impact on the quality of life of the patients as well as potential savings to the health-care system.",
"Available laboratory test methods for the detection of elevated concentrations of catecholamines and their metabolites in urine and/or plasma are not always sensitive enough for the detection of pheochromocytoma. High-quality immunoassays for these compounds appear to be as accurate as high-pressure liquid chromatography (HPLC) or gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC-MS). Therefore, the current project aims to establish a new sensitive radioimmunoassay (RIA) for the measurement of free metanephrines in the plasma of patients in the work-up for pheochromocytoma. We report first results of an ongoing multicenter clinico-chemical evaluation study in hypertensive patients and normotensive volunteers. After an overnight fast plasma samples were collected on ice in EDTA- and heparin-coated tubes after insertion of an indwelling venous line and resting in the supine (patients) or sitting position (normal volunteers) for 30 min. Plasma metanephrines were measured by a newly developed RIA from IBL, Hamburg, Germany. Good agreement of the assay with the tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) method for normetanephrine (r2=0.975) and for metanephrine (r2=0.985) could be demonstrated. Both specimens, EDTA and heparin plasma, can be used with the same results. The RIA has a good precision of <15% in the normal range and of <10% in the elevated concentration range. Our preliminary data suggest a high validity of the newly developed RIA for measuring free metanephrine and normetanephrine in hypertensive subjects in both EDTA and heparin plasma. Further work is required to determine the accuracy of the test in larger patient populations and in patients with pheochromocytoma.",
"Simple guidelines and training on child TB case detection, together with basic logistics support, can be integrated into the existing National TB Control Programme and improve service delivery to children in TB-endemic areas.",
"Patients with pheochromocytoma may have depressed myocardial contractility detected by tissue Doppler echocardiography despite a normal standard echocardiogram. A systolic SR less than 2 s(-1) was associated with an increased risk of perioperative collapse.",
"(82)Rb myocardial perfusion imaging protocols were implemented with highly repeatable interpretation in centers using 3D PET/CT technology, through an effective standardization and quality assurance program. Site scoring of (82)Rb PET myocardial perfusion imaging scans was found to be in good agreement with core lab standards, suggesting that the data from these centers may be combined for analysis of the rubidium-ARMI endpoints.",
"This community practice study showed that long-term treatment with topiramate in the prevention of episodic migraine was effective and well-tolerated, and it was associated with clinically relevant improvements in several aspects of QoL.",
"All 3 prostaglandin/amide drugs are highly effective at lowering IOP. No differences in effect between the drugs or between members of different racial groups were detected, although the study sample size was too small to be certain to detect differences, if they existed.",
"No pediatric OPTX initially observed developed a tension pneumothorax or adverse event related to observation. Pediatric patients with OPTX less than 16 mm may be safely observed. Neither the presence of rib fractures nor need for PPV alone necessitates intervention.",
"In this study, using headache frequency as the primary metric, for the entire group, amitriptyline was superior to placebo in migraine prophylaxis at 8 weeks but, because of a robust placebo response, not at subsequent time points. For the subgroup with CDH, amitriptyline was statistically significantly superior to placebo at 8 weeks and 16 weeks with a similar but nonsignificant trend at 12 and 20 weeks. Compared with placebo amitriptyline is effective in CDH. Amitriptyline was also significantly effective in IM compared intragroup to its own baseline; however, placebo was equally effective in the same analysis. The reason for the robust placebo response in the IM group is not clear, but has been occasionally reported.",
"Regardless of its origin, the treatment of persisting or recurring spontaneous pneumothorax (SP) is classically surgical. To assess the contribution of thoracoscopy in the management of SP 100 consecutive patients with persistent or recurrent pneumothorax were treated at our unit by endoscopic procedure between 1992 and 1997 to obtain permanent pleurodesis and to treat the lung lesion responsible for the leak. There were 90 men and 10 women ranging in age from 16 to 60 years (mean age 28+/-12 years). The technique includes electrocoagulation of pleural blebs and thoracoscopic apical pleurectomy. All patients were subjected to physical examination and plain x-ray at 1 and 3 months and 1 year postoperatively. After completion of the procedure, air leaks disappeared in 90 cases, while 5 cases air leak ceased 5 to 7 days postoperatively. The remaining 5 cases were converted to an open procedure. The mean length of follow-up was 3 years. No patient required transfusion and there were no operative deaths. No recurrence of pneumothorax occurred and no major complications encountered. Video-assisted thoracoscopic pleurectomy for the treatment of pneumothorax is concluded to be that safe and efficacious. It shortens the hospital stay, requires less amount of postoperative narcotic analgesia.",
"Ibutilide is a class III antiarrhythmic agent indicated for cardioversion of atrial fibrillation and atrial flutter to sinus rhythm (SR). The most serious complication of ibutilide is torsades de pointes (TdP). Magnesium has been successfully used for the treatment of TdP, but its use as a prophylactic agent for this arrhythmia has not yet been established. The present study investigated whether high dose of magnesium would increase the safety and efficacy of ibutilide administration. A total of 476 patients with atrial fibrillation or atrial flutter who were candidates for conversion to SR were divided into 2 groups. Group A consisted of 229 patients who received ibutilide to convert atrial fibrillation or atrial flutter to SR. Group B consisted of 247 patients who received an intravenous infusion of 5 g of magnesium sulfate for 1 hour followed by the administration of ibutilide. Then, another 5 g of magnesium were infused for 2 additional hours. Of the patients in groups A and B, 154 (67.3%) and 189 (76.5%), respectively, were converted to SR (p = 0.033). Ventricular arrhythmias (sustained, nonsustained ventricular tachycardia, and TdP) occurred significantly more often in group A than in group B (7.4% vs 1.2%, respectively, p = 0.002). TdP developed in 8 patients (3.5%) in group A and in none (0%) in group B (p = 0.009). The administration of magnesium (despite the high doses used) was well tolerated. In conclusion, the administration of high doses of magnesium probably makes ibutilide a much safer agent, and magnesium increased the conversion efficacy of ibutilide.",
"These tentative findings were broadly consistent with what is known about analgesic addiction and pseudoaddiction in other painful conditions. They also suggested that current recommendations about addiction in pain patients could understate the potential importance of physiological dependence. The findings could inform staff training programs to improve pain management and reduce the incidence of pseudoaddiction. The classification of pain-related and non-pain-related symptoms could be used in further research on the development of analgesic addiction and the factors that influence staff attributions about addiction in patients with pain.",
"Accumulating evidence suggests that growth differentiation factor 15 (GDF-15) is associated with the severity and prognosis of various cardiovascular diseases. However, the effect of GDF-15 on the regulation of cardiac remodeling is still poorly understood. In this present study, we demonstrate that GDF-15 blocks norepinephrine (NE)-induced myocardial hypertrophy through a novel pathway involving inhibition of EGFR transactivation. Both in vivo and in vitro assay indicate that NE was able to stimulate the synthesis of GDF-15. The up-regulation of GDF-15 feedback inhibits NE-induced myocardial hypertrophy, including quantitation of [(3)H]leucine incorporation, protein/DNA ratio, cell surface area, and ANP mRNA level. Further research shows that GDF-15 could inhibit the phosphorylation of EGF receptor and downstream kinases (AKT and ERK1/2) induced by NE. Clinical research also shows that serum GDF-15 levels in hypertensive patients were significant higher than in healthy volunteers and were positively correlated with the thickness of the posterior wall of the left ventricle, interventricular septum, and left ventricular mass, as well as the serum level of norepinephrine. In conclusion, NE induces myocardial hypertrophy and up-regulates GDF-15, and this up-regulation of GDF-15 negatively regulates NE-induced myocardial hypertrophy by inhibiting EGF receptor transactivation following NE stimulation.",
"6 months supplementation with 1 g/day ω-3 PUFA for 6 months in patients with IHD improves the effect of standard antiarrhythmic therapy, reducing the number of isolated and paired PVCs, the number of unstable ventricular tachycardia paroxysms, improves HRT, HRV, increases red blood cells ω-3 index. The long-term (more than 3 months) ω-3 PUFA supplementation must consider be taken into in mTWA assessment to avoid false-positive findings in the SCD risk stratification.",
"This subgroup analysis demonstrated improvements with onabotulinumtoxinA treatment (five cycles) vs placebo (two cycles)/onabotulinumtoxinA (three cycles) for multiple headache symptom measures and suggests that at Week 56, patients treated earlier with onabotulinumtoxinA had better outcomes. These findings demonstrate the continued need and cumulative benefit over time with continued prophylaxis, an important and clinically pragmatic observation for clinicians and patients.",
"These data highlight the importance of defining the molecular mechanisms of stem cell-based tissue repair and suggest that overexpression of stromal cell-derived factor-1 via gene therapy is a strategy for improving heart failure symptoms in patients with ischemic cardiomyopathy.",
"A high rate of patients with anticoagulant therapy in primary healthcare has been found in this research. INR control, however, remains suboptimal. Heart rate control is the most commonly used strategy. The decision about the anticoagulation should be based on the thromboembolic risk rather than in the arrhytmia type.",
"Antithrombotic therapy is central to the management of atrial fibrillation. This analysis from the RHYTHM-atrial fibrillation (RHYTHM-AF) registry explored the appropriateness of antithrombotic therapy in relation to stroke risk and atrial fibrillation duration in patients with atrial fibrillation. RHYTHM-AF, a prospective multinational registry, enrolled consecutive adult patients with atrial fibrillation considered for cardioversion. We compared the type of antithrombotic therapy administered at the time of cardioversion and at discharge with stroke risk ("high stroke risk" defined by CHA2DS2-VASc >1) and duration of atrial fibrillation (≤48 vs >48 hours or unknown duration). Of 2,972 patients who were cardioverted (34.5% through pharmacologic cardioversion [PCV] and 65.5% through electrical cardioversion [ECV]), 65% were at high risk of stroke and 30% presented with atrial fibrillation of >48-hour or unknown duration. At the time of PCV and ECV, 36% (n = 242) and 84% (n = 1,075) of high-risk patients, respectively, were taking vitamin K antagonists or heparin. At discharge, these rates increased to 62% (n = 414) and 93% (n = 1,191), respectively. Of all low-stroke risk patients with short-duration atrial fibrillation undergoing PCV (n = 260) and ECV (n = 111), 7% (n = 17) and 30% (n = 33), respectively, were taking vitamin K antagonists or heparin at the time of cardioversion. At discharge, these rates increased to 19% (n = 50) and 40% (n = 44), respectively. In conclusion, ECV was frequently performed under appropriate antithrombotic therapy for most high-risk patients with atrial fibrillation, whereas PCV was frequently performed without appropriate antithrombotic therapy. To enhance pericardioversion stroke prevention, cardioversion algorithms should focus less on the type of conversion and more on stroke risk factors and atrial fibrillation duration.",
"Patients who received adrenaline had more rhythm transitions from ROSC and non-shockable rhythms to VF/VT.",
"HRQL in this cohort varied by diabetes type. The interaction between sex and age for type 1 participants, coupled with poorer HRQL among female than male participants with type 2 diabetes, suggests the impacts of diabetes on HRQL differ by sex and should be considered in clinical management. Encouraging physical activity and weight control continue to be important in improving HRQL.",
"Caper fruit extract may be a safe anti-hyperglycemic and anti-hypertriglyceridemic agent for type 2 diabetic patients.",
"null",
"The optimized treatment of HF decreased the incidence of ventricular arrhythmias. The improvement in the functional class, physical performance and the decreased number of hospitalizations can be attributed to the optimized treatment of HF.",
"A novel EMP quantification assay has been successfully established. The EMPs in vitro and in patients were significantly correlated with ET-1 and ICAM-1 level. The patients with a higher EMP level had a higher risk of MACE. EMP level is a predictor for MACE in ACS patients.",
"No author has a financial or proprietary interest in any material or method mentioned.",
"Combination therapy with angiotensin II receptor blockers and angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEIs) requires further evaluation in patients with diabetic nephropathy and hypertension. In a post hoc analysis of the Olmesartan Reducing Incidence of Endstage renal disease in diabetic Nephropathy Trial with hypertension, we examined the effects of olmesartan on renal and cardiovascular outcomes in the presence or absence of an ACEI. Among 563 patients randomized to receive either olmesartan (n = 280) or placebo (n = 283), 73.5% (n = 414) received a concomitant ACEI. Compared with placebo, olmesartan significantly reduced proteinuria in both the ACEI-treated and non-ACEI-treated groups. The respective changes in the urinary protein creatinine ratio in the olmesartan-treated and placebo-treated groups were -32.6% and +21.1% without an ACEI (P = 0.001) and -17.0% and +2.2% with an ACEI (P = 0.028). In the olmesartan group, 115 patients developed primary renal outcomes (41.1%) compared with 129 (45.6%) in the placebo group (hazard ratio (HR): 0.97, P = 0.787). The respective HRs in the ACEI-treated and non-ACEI-treated groups were 1.02 (P = 0.891) and 0.84 (P = 0.450). 40 olmesartan-treated patients (14.3%) and 53 placebo-treated patients (18.7%) developed secondary cardiovascular outcomes (HR: 0.65, P = 0.042). The respective HRs in the ACEI-treated and non-ACEI-treated groups were 0.69 (P = 0.129) and 0.51 (P = 0.129). Olmesartan was well tolerated. Dual blockade treatment caused more hyperkalemia than monotherapy. In patients with diabetic nephropathy and hypertension, olmesartan significantly reduced proteinuria, independent of ACEI treatment and cardiovascular outcome but failed to show additional renal benefit compared with ACEI treatment alone. The cardiovascular benefit of dual treatment requires further evaluation.",
"Sickle cell disease (SCD) is characterized by progressive vascular injury and its pathophysiology is strikingly similar to that of atherosclerosis. Statins decrease inflammation and improve endothelial function in cardiovascular disease, but their effect in SCD is not known. In this pilot study, we examined the safety and effect of short-term simvastatin on biomarkers of vascular dysfunction in SCD. We treated 26 SCD patients with simvastatin, 20 or 40 mg/d, for 21 d. Plasma nitric oxide metabolites (NOx), C-reactive protein (CRP), interleukin-6 (IL-6), vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (VCAM-1), tissue factor (TF) and vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) were analyzed and responses to simvastatin were compared between the two treatment groups. Simvastatin increased NOx levels by 23% in the low-dose (P =0·01) and 106% in the moderate-dose (P =0·01) groups, and by 52% overall (P=0·0008). CRP decreased similarly in both dose groups and by 68% overall (P =0·02). Levels of IL-6 decreased by 50% (P=0·04) and 71% (P<0·05) in the low- and moderate-dose groups, respectively. Simvastatin had no effect on VEGF, VCAM1 or TF. Simvastatin was well-tolerated and safe. Our preliminary findings showing a dose-related effect of simvastatin on levels of NOx, CRP and IL-6 suggest a potential therapeutic role for simvastatin in SCD.",
"Previous studies have determined the short-term toxicity profile, laboratory changes, and clinical efficacy associated with hydroxyurea (HU) therapy in adults with sickle cell anemia. The safety and efficacy of this agent in pediatric patients with sickle cell anemia has not been determined. Children with sickle cell anemia, age 5 to 15 years, were eligible for this multicenter Phase I/II trial. HU was started at 15 mg/kg/d and escalated to 30 mg/kg/d unless the patient experienced laboratory toxicity. Patients were monitored by 2-week visits to assess compliance, toxicity, clinical adverse events, growth parameters, and laboratory efficacy associated with HU treatment. Eighty-four children were enrolled between December 1994 and March 1996. Sixty-eight children reached maximum tolerated dose (MTD) and 52 were treated at MTD for 1 year. Significant hematologic changes included increases in hemoglobin concentration, mean corpuscular volume, mean corpuscular hemoglobin, and fetal hemoglobin parameters, and decreases in white blood cell, neutrophil, platelet, and reticulocyte counts. Laboratory toxicities typically were mild, transient, and were reversible upon temporary discontinuation of HU. No life-threatening clinical adverse events occurred and no child experienced growth failure. This Phase I/II trial shows that HU therapy is safe for children with sickle cell anemia when treatment was directed by a pediatric hematologist. HU in children induces similar laboratory changes as in adults. Phase III trials to determine if HU can prevent chronic organ damage in children with sickle cell anemia are warranted.",
"null",
"This study shows that this formulation of diclofenac potassium for oral solution is effective in reducing pain intensity within 30 minutes, which may be related to the 15-minute T(max) associated with this formulation. The rapid-onset benefits were sustained through 24 hours post-treatment.",
"The protocols were registered with Current Controlled Trials, under the identifier numbers ISRCTN51688713, ISRCTN40020296.",
"Red blood cell (RBC) hydration is regulated in part by the Ca(2+) -activated K(+) efflux (Gardos) channel. Senicapoc selectively blocks potassium efflux through the Gardos channel, reducing RBC dehydration and haemolysis, and increasing haemoglobin levels in sickle cell disease (SCD). This randomized, placebo-controlled trial was designed to determine the safety and clinical efficacy of senicapoc in SCD patients. One hundred and forty-five patients were randomized to receive senicapoc and 144 patients to receive placebo for 52 weeks. Consistent with a previous study, patients in the senicapoc group had significantly increased haematocrit, haemoglobin, and decreased numbers of both dense erythrocytes and reticulocytes when compared to the placebo group. The unblinded Data Monitoring Committee terminated this study early due to a lack of efficacy when it determined that, despite improvements in anaemia and haemolysis, no significant improvement in the rate of sickle cell painful crises was observed in patients treated with senicapoc compared to those on placebo (0·38 vs. 0·31, respectively). Comparisons of the times to first, second and third crises between the senicapoc and placebo groups were not statistically significant. Nausea and urinary tract infections occurred more frequently in the senicapoc group than placebo. Serious adverse events were similar in the two groups.",
"null",
"Patients at high risk of developing AIDS-related spontaneous PTX can be identified. Systemic corticosteroids may increase the risk of morbidity from AIDS-related PTX. Chemical and surgical pleurodesis may be of value in short-term treatment and in reducing the risk of recurrence.",
"To investigate the consequences of intermittent preventive treatment (IPTp) timing on birth weight, we pooled data from two studies conducted in Benin between 2005 and 2010: a prospective cohort of 1037 pregnant women and a randomised trial comparing sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine (SP) to mefloquine in 1601 women. A total of 1439 women (752 in the cohort and 687 in the SP arm of the randomised trial) who delivered live singletons were analysed. We showed that an early intake of the first SP dose (4 months of gestation) was associated with a lower risk of LBW compared to a late intake (6-7 months of gestation) (aOR = 0.5 p = 0.01). We also found a borderline increased risk of placental infection when the first SP dose was administered early in pregnancy (aOR = 1.7 p = 0.1). This study is the first to investigate the timing of SP administration during pregnancy. We clearly demonstrated that women who had an early intake of the first SP dose were less at risk of LBW compared to those who had a late intake. Pregnant women should be encouraged to attend antenatal visits early to get their first SP dose and a third dose of SP could be recommended to cover the whole duration of pregnancy and to avoid late infections of the placenta.",
"In addition to improving short-term outcome in selected hospital-treated patient groups, therapeutic anticoagulation may provide important benefits for long-term stroke outcomes in unselected populations.",
"Sociodemographic, clinical and service use factors were independently associated with diabetes knowledge based on both raw scores and Rasch-derived scores, which supports the implementation of targeted interventions to improve patients' knowledge. Choice of psychometric analytical method can affect study outcomes and should be considered during intervention development.",
"These results suggest that zonisamide is effective and well tolerated for migraine prevention in patients refractory to topiramate. With the exception of the inhibition of T-type calcium channels by zonisamide, its mechanisms of action seem to be very similar to topiramate's. We suggest the potential role of these channels in the pathophysiology of migraine.",
"Acupuncture therapy can raise the migraineurs' life quality, lessen the times and severity of headache attack, and its therapeutic effect is superior to that of medication.",
"Two identical randomized, placebo-controlled, crossover studies were conducted to evaluate consistency of response to sumatriptan/naproxen sodium 85/500 mg (S/NS) over four attacks in adults with migraine. Patients were instructed to treat within 1 h of pain onset while pain was mild. Co-primary end-points were pain-free response at 2 h (2hPF) and 24-h sustained pain-free response (24hSPF) calculated as percentages of all attacks. In Study 1, 570 patients treated 1693 attacks with S/NS and 424 with placebo. In Study 2, 565 patients treated 1678 attacks with S/NS and 422 with placebo. Compared with placebo, S/NS conferred higher 2hPF rates (Study 1: S/NS 52%, placebo 25%; Study 2: S/NS 50%, placebo 20%; both P < 0.001) and higher 24hSPF rates (Study 1: S/NS 37%, placebo 17%; Study 2: S/NS 34%, placebo 12%; both P < 0.001). 2hPF was reported in at least two of the first three S/NS-treated attacks in 55.0% of patients in Study 1 and 52.1% of patients in Study 2. 24hSPF was reported in at least two of the first three S/NS-treated attacks in 35.7% of patients in Study 1 and 32.6% of patients in Study 2. The incidences of any adverse event and of specific adverse events were low and generally similar between S/NS and placebo.",
"In the study population, the therapeutic strategy used to manage AF in patients with severe heart failure appears to have little influence on the overall financial burden, which remains substantial.",
"Understanding the incretin pathway has led to significant advancements in the treatment of type 2 diabetes (T2D). Still, the exact mechanisms are not fully understood. In a randomized, placebo-controlled, four-period, crossover study in 24 patients with T2D, dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibition and its glucose-lowering actions were tested after an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). The contribution of GLP-1 was examined by infusion of the GLP-1 receptor (GLP-1r) antagonist exendin-9. DPP-4 inhibition reduced glycemia and enhanced insulin levels and the incretin effect (IE). Glucagon was suppressed, and gastric emptying (GE) was decelerated. Exendin-9 increased glucose levels and glucagon secretion, attenuated insulinemia and the IE, and accelerated GE. With the GLP-1r antagonist, the glucose-lowering effects of DPP-4 inhibition were reduced by ∼ 50%. However, a significant effect on insulin secretion remained during GLP-1r blockade, whereas the inhibitory effects of DPP-4 inhibition on glucagon and GE were abolished. Thus, in this cohort of T2D patients with a substantial IE, GLP-1 contributed ∼ 50% to the insulin excursion after an OGTT with and without DPP-4 inhibition. Thus, a significant DPP-4-sensitive glucose-lowering mechanism contributes to glycemic control in T2D patients that may be not mediated by circulating GLP-1.",
"Results from this analysis highlight inconsistencies in common hormonal therapy treatment patterns for CRPC and hormonal therapy across the EU.",
"The data from this study showed that the systemic delivery of carteolol is lower for the once-daily LA formulation than for the regular twice-daily formulation. Consequently, long-acting carteolol eye-drops should reduce the risk of beta-blocking systemic side effects.",
"Our data support the efficacy of HU in reducing painful events in children with sickle cell disease. Short- and middle-term tolerances are good. Thus, we think that HU can be given to children affected by frequent and severe painful crises. We recommend, however, very cautious use of this drug, because its long-term effects in children are still unknown.",
"The objectives of this study were: 1) to evaluate the safety and efficacy of combination artesunate (AS)/amodiaquine (AQ) therapy, and 2) to determine the difference between recrudescence and resistance. An in vivo efficacy study was conducted in Equatorial Guinea. A total of 122 children 6-59 months of age from two regional hospitals were randomized and subjected to a 28-day clinical and parasitological follow-up. A blood sample on Whatman paper was taken on Days 0, 7, 14, 21, and 28 or on any day in cases of treatment failure, with the parasite DNA then being extracted for molecular analysis purposes. A total of 4 children were excluded, and 9 cases were lost to follow-up. There were 17 cases of late parasitological failure, 3 cases of late clinical failure, and 89 cases of adequate clinical and parasitological response. The parasitological failure rate was 18.3% (20 of 109) and the success rate 81.70% (95% confidence interval [72.5-87.9%]). After molecular correction, real treatment efficacy stood at 97.3%. Our study showed the good efficacy of combination AS/AQ therapy. This finding enabled this treatment to be recommended to Equatorial Guinea's National Malaria Control Program to change the official treatment policy as of March 2008.",
"Metformin use was associated with improved RFS and OS but not TTR, most likely due to improving all-cause mortality. Its role in modifying cancer recurrence remains unclear. Prospective studies that capture metformin exposure prior to, during and post endometrial cancer treatment may help define the role of metformin upon cancer specific and overall health outcomes.",
"Transfusion-induced hemosiderosis is a serious and potentially life-threatening complication for some patients with sickle cell anemia. The use of high-dose intravenous deferoxamine (DFO) has become widespread in spite of a paucity of published data on safety and efficacy. We report a randomized double-blind study of the dose-response relationship of intravenous DFO in six subjects with sickle cell anemia and severe transfusion-induced hemosiderosis (serum ferritin 4100 to 14,176 ng/ml). Each subject received three different doses of intravenous DFO for 3 days each while consuming a constant diet. Total iron excretion (urine and fecal) was 91% greater at 180 mg/kg/day DFO than at 60 mg/kg/day DFO, and fecal iron excretion became a relatively larger proportion of total excretion at higher doses. Subsequent treatment for 3 months with 150 mg/kg/day DFO caused a 33% to 60% reduction in serum ferritin and demonstrable improvement in hepatic function in all patients. No toxicity was encountered, but DFO at 180 mg/kg/day was associated with a significant increase in fecal zinc excretion when compared with that observed at lower doses.",
"Since ATP is less effective in non-QFVTs, they are less well tolerated. Therefore, the substrate of non-QFVTs may need a specific treatment.",
"The authors introduce UNILAT, a new generic product from UNIMED PHARMA Ltd., a Slovak pharmaceutical company. Within the Phase III. of clinical trial they evaluate UNILATes efficacy and safety in the treatment of glaucoma and intraocular hypertension. The clinical study design was performed as an open comparative multicenter trial. Its goal was to compare the UNILAT generic product (latanoprost 50 microg/ml, eye drops solution, Unimed Pharma) with XALATAN original product (latanoprost 50 microg/ml, eye drops solution, Pfizer) and to prove that UNILAT is as effective and safe as original product. The study was performed on 77 subjects in seven private ophthalmic outpatient departments in Slovakia during the period from February 5, 2008 till July 24, 2008. The primary endpoint specified to prove UNILAT's efficacy was the average decrease of IOP measured between the first and last visit. The secondary endpoint was proportion of patients with measured IOP less than 21 mmHg at the end of the clinical trial. The safety of the generic product was based on the frequency of adverse reactions in subjects included in the study. Results of clinical study have confirmed UNILAT's therapeutical indications and demonstrated that it is non-inferior to the original product concerning efficacy and safety in the treatment of glaucoma and ocular hypertension.",
"Our results, along with results from other series, suggest that TVD can be used effectively and safely for closure of certain VSDs.",
"Dabigatran is a cost-effective treatment in Sweden, as its incremental cost-effectiveness ratio is below the normally accepted willingness to pay limit.",
"Calcineurin pathway plays the critical role in the cardiac remodeling of various origin, development of chambers dilatation and progression of heart failure. Components of calcineurin pathway are involved in myocardium hypertrophy regulation, angiogenesis and apoptosis. Results of quantitative expression profiling study of main calcineurin pathway genes PPP3CA, PPP3R1, PPP3CB, GATA4 and NFATC4 in myocardium of right atrium auricle of patients with a coronary heart disease, exposed to various types of surgical treatments depending on weight of a clinical finding (surgical reconstruction of the geometry of left ventricle (LV) (postinfarction aneurysm) or coronary artery bypass grafting in case of unaltered morphology of LV) are presented. In patients with sizable postinfarction LV dilatation (n = 21) expression level of calcineurin catalytic subunit genes PPP3CA and PPP3CB was 1.3 and 1.6 times lower (p = 0.018 and 0.023, accordingly) compared to patients with unaltered shape of the heart (n = 34). Expression level of PPP3R1 gene encoding calcineurin regulatory subunit B and GATA4 and NFATC4 genes for transcription factors did not differ in studied subgroups of patients. Thus, lower expression of PPP3CA and PPP3CB genes in atrium myocardium can be related to expressed postinfarction LV remodeling. Further studies of relation quantitative expression profiling of calcineurin pathway genes with the level of damage of myocardium is essential what may have important outcome for the prevention of adverse events of cardiosurgical treatments in patients with postinfarction remodeling.",
"Low vitamin E serum levels are associated with an increased risk of cardiovascular events in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation.",
"In conclusion, short-term treatment with the sodium glucose cotransporter 2 inhibitor empagliflozin attenuated renal hyperfiltration in subjects with T1D, likely by affecting tubular-glomerular feedback mechanisms.",
"The Multicenter Study of Hydroxyurea in Sickle Cell Anemia (MSH) demonstrated the efficacy of hydroxyurea in reducing the rate of painful crises compared to placebo. We used resource utilization data collected in the MSH to determine the cost-effectiveness of hydroxyurea. The MSH was a randomized, placebo-controlled double-blind clinical trial involving 299 patients at 21 sites. The primary outcome, visit to a medical facility, was one of the criteria to define occurrence of painful crisis. Cost estimates were applied to all outpatient and emergency department visits and inpatient hospital stays that were classified as a crisis. Other resources for which cost estimates were applied included hospitalization for chest syndrome, analgesics received, hydroxyurea dosing, laboratory testing, and clinic visits for management of patient care. Annualized differential costs were calculated between hydroxyurea- and placebo-receiving patients. Hospitalization for painful crisis accounted for the majority of costs in both arms of the study, with an annual mean of $12,160 (95% CI: $9,440, $14,880) for hydroxyurea and $17,290 (95% CI: $13,010, $21,570) for placebo. The difference in means was $5,130 (95% CI: $60, $10,200; P = 0.048). Chest syndrome was the next largest cost with a mean difference of $830 (95% CI: $-340, $2,000; P = 0.16). The hydroxyurea arm was also associated with lower costs for emergency department visits, transfusion, and use of opiate analgesics. In total, the annual average cost per patient receiving hydroxyurea was $16,810 (95% CI: $13,350, $20,270) and the annual average costs per patient receiving placebo was $22,020 (95% CI: $17,340, $26,710). The difference in means was $5,210 (95% CI: $-610, $11,030; P = 0.21). The cost of hydroxyurea with the more intensive monitoring required when using this drug appears to be more than offset by decreased costs for medical care of painful crisis and analgesic use. Although the total cost difference was not significant statistically, these results suggest that hydroxyurea therapy is cost-effective compared to placebo in the management of adult patients with sickle cell anemia. If hydroxyurea can prevent development of chronic organ damage, long-term savings may be even greater.",
"Addition of GP ablation to PVI confers a significantly higher success rate compared with either PVI or GP alone in patients with PAF.",
"Myocardial infarction is not specific to men: one out of four patients admitted for myocardial infarction is a woman. Initial management is rather similar for men and women, after taking into account differences in baseline characteristics. Percutaneous coronary angioplasty, however, remains less frequently used in women. In-hospital complications have become rarer and do not differ according to sex.",
"To compare the efficacy, adverse effects, and patient compliance of latanoprost monotherapy with unfixed combination therapy with 0.5% timolol maleate and 1% dorzolamide in the treatment of chronic primary angle-closure glaucoma (CACG), 36 Japanese patients with CACG following laser iridotomy (LPI) were treated for 12 weeks with instillation of latanoprost alone or with unfixed combination therapy of 0.5% timolol maleate and 1% dorzolamide hydrochloride. After 12 weeks of treatment, latanoprost reduced intraocular pressure (IOP) from 22.2 +/- 2.0 mmHg to 14.8 +/- 1.9 mmHg (33% reduction); timolol maleate and dorzolamide hydrochloride also reduced IOP from 22.5 +/- 2.2 mmHg to 17.1 +/- 2.7 mmHg (24% reduction). Latanoprost monotherapy significantly lowered IOP compared with unfixed combination therapy of 0.5% timolol maleate and 1% dorzolamide hydrochloride. Furthermore, a systemic adverse effect of bradycardia was not observed in the latanoprost monotherapy group. Concerning compliance, no significant difference was observed between the two groups. Thus, latanoprost monotherapy is more effective than unfixed combination therapy with 0.5% timolol maleate and 1% dorzolamide in the treatment of CACG following relief of pupillary block in Japanese patients.",
"One hundred twenty-six (12.8%) participants had diabetes. Adjusting for age, sex, education, and other confounders, diabetic participants had decreased SPPB (β=-0.99; p<0.01), decreased walking speed (β=-0.1m/s; p<0.01), decreased nerve conduction velocity (β=-1.7m/s; p<0.01), and increased neuropathy (β=0.25; p<0.01) compared to non-diabetic participants. Adjusting for nerve conduction velocity and neuropathy score decreased the effect of diabetes on SPPB by 20%, suggesting partial mediation through decreased PNF.",
"In contemporary practice, almost 2 of 3 potential primary prevention ICD candidates did not report follow-up LVEF evaluation, with a very low rate of ICD implantation at 1 year. These results suggest an important gap in quality, highlighting the need for better transitions of care.",
"The process evaluation of HEALTHY, a large multi-center trial to decrease type 2 diabetes mellitus in middle school children, monitored the implementation of the intervention to ascertain the extent that components were delivered and received as intended. The purpose of this article is to report the process evaluation findings concerning the extent to which the HEALTHY nutrition intervention was implemented during the HEALTHY trial. Overall, the observed fidelity of implementing nutrition strategies improved from baseline to the end of the study. By the last semester, all but two nutrition process evaluation goals were met. The most challenging goal to implement was serving high fiber foods, including grain-based foods and legumes. The easiest goals to implement were lowering the fat content of foods offered and offering healthier beverages. The most challenging barriers experienced by research dietitians and food service staff were costs, availability of foods and student acceptance. Forming strong relationships between the research dietitians and food service staff was identified as a key strategy to meet HEALTHY nutrition goals.",
"The study was registered at trialregister.nl under number NTR2716.",
"In patients with and without structural heart disease, the formation of stable rotors identifies individuals whose VF requires defibrillation from those in whom VF spontaneously self-terminates. Future work should define the mechanisms that stabilize rotors and evaluate whether rotor modulation may reduce subsequent VF risk.",
"IDegAsp given with the evening meal reduces postdinner glucose excursion and provides more stable nocturnal glycemia as compared with IGlar.",
"The present study offers a new comprehensive clinical pathway for PSP patients who have undergone wedge resection surgery. This study may be useful in the clinical nursing field by providing guiding standards for PSP-related education with respect to diet, exercise, self-supervision, complication, stress control, and recurrence prevention.",
"ATHENA was a double-blind, parallel group study in 4628 patients with a history of paroxysmal/persistent AF and additional risk factors, treated with placebo or dronedarone. Dronedarone treatment significantly reduced the risk of first CV hospitalization (P < 0.0001 vs. placebo), while the risk of first non-CV hospitalization was similar in both groups (P = 0.77). About half of the CV hospitalizations were AF-related, with a median duration of hospital stay of four nights. The risk of any hospitalization for AF [hazard ratio (95% confidence interval) 0.626 (0.546-0.719)] and duration of hospital stay were significantly reduced by dronedarone (P < 0.0001 vs. placebo). Dronedarone treatment reduced total hospitalizations for acute coronary syndrome (P = 0.0105) and the time between the first AF/atrial flutter recurrence and CV hospitalization/death (P = 0.0048). Hospitalization burden was significantly reduced across all levels of care (P < 0.05). Cumulative incidence data indicated that the effects of dronedarone persisted for at least 24 months.",
"Immigrants do not transmit TB more than indigenous TB patients. Infections which may have occurred in the countries of origin of immigrants were detected by the systematic study of contacts.",
"Bimatoprost/timolol PF demonstrated non-inferiority and equivalence in IOP lowering compared with bimatoprost/timolol, with no significant differences in safety and tolerability.",
"DLST is not useful for determining the causative drug in patients with rash, hepatitis or fever reactions to anti-tuberculosis drugs, regardless of when it is performed.",
"We described the spatiotemporal change of malaria (Plasmodium vivax) in Turkey over 34 years (1975-2008), and assessed the role of environmental variables in this change. We developed seven 5-year-period raster maps by using geo-referenced malaria case data from the centres of 81 provinces and the kriging method with a spherical variogram model in a geographic information systems (GIS) model. We also modelled malaria incidence in GIS by using our average malaria incidence raster map, and complementary spatial database including the raster map layers of 14 environmental variables. We chose linear regression analysis with backward method to investigate relationships among variables and develop a model. The model was run in GIS to obtain a model incidence raster map. We tested the reliability of the model map by residual statistics, and found the model map dependable. Five-year-period maps revealed that the distribution of malaria cases moved from the East Mediterranean region to the Southeast Anatolia region due to changing human activities. The latitude, minimum temperature, distance to seas and elevation variables were found to have significant impacts on malaria. Consequently, the model incidence map established a good background for early warning systems to predict epidemics of malaria following environmental changes.",
"TAPT after drug-eluting stent implantation in patients with uLMCAD did not improve the long-term clinical outcome when compared with conventional DAPT, although it was a safe strategy.",
"With higher curative effect and lower expenses, pleural drainage by using central venous catheter is superior to simple aspiration in treatment of spontaneous pneumothorax, and can be the first choice.",
"Pitavastatin 4mg once daily was effective and well tolerated during 52-weeks treatment in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia or combined dyslipidemia. Around three-quarters of patients achieved NCEP and EAS LDL-C targets at week 52, HDL-C levels rose continually during follow up, while changes in other efficacy parameters were sustained over the year-long study.",
"The safety and tolerability of primaquine (PQ) administered as a short higher-dose (30mg twice daily for 7 days) regimen in 203 Australian Defence Force personnel was evaluated in an open-label presumptive anti-relapse therapy study. No clinically significant differences were measured in the subjects' haematological and biochemical indices before and after PQ treatment. The most common adverse events were nausea, abdominal pain, headache and insomnia, many of which were mild in severity (30%; 60/203) and transient; 19% of subjects (39/203) experienced moderate (with some interference with daily duties requiring no or minimal medical therapy) adverse events. Two subjects (1%) had severe gastrointestinal adverse events requiring cessation of medication, but neither was seriously ill. Ten subjects (5%) had peripheral cyanosis (blueness of the lips), but none reported any respiratory compromise. These findings suggest that the short higher-dose PQ regimen is safe and well tolerated, which could improve PQ compliance and effectiveness.",
"The findings support the efficacy and safety of the S-ICD System for the treatment of life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias.",
"Most blunt trauma patients with OPTX can be carefully monitored without tube thoracostomy; however, OPTX progression and respiratory distress are independently associated with observation failure.",
"No benefit to diabetes of hypertension care by introducing and availability of the staff in the use of the SR was shown in this RCT. The process measures suggest that the SR was not widely used by the healthcare provided in the primary care clinics.",
"Thoracoscopy is a useful diagnostic and therapeutic tool for both infants and children. Various thoracoscopic complex procedures have been performed both safely and effectively.",
"Plasma PTX3 level may be a useful marker for predicting post-PCI cardiac cTnT elevation, which is associated with inflammatory status of culprit lesions.",
"AL and DP remain efficacious for the treatment of uncomplicated malaria among children in western Kenya. The longer half-life of piperaquine relative to lumefantrine may provide a prophylactic effect, accounting for the lower rate of re-infection in the first 28 days after treatment in the DP arm.",
"Using autologous blood to treat secondary spontaneous pneumothorax (SSP) in patients with advanced COPD is easy, safe, and effective. The dose of blood required for autologous blood patch pleurodesis should be dependent on the body weight, and 1 mL/kg blood may be efficient.",
"null",
"These pilot data suggest that rizatriptan does not consistently reduce visually-induced motion sickness in migraineurs. Rizatriptan may diminish motion sickness potentiation by cranial pain.",
"Normal heart rate is characteristic of hypertensive urgency. Tachycardia in this setting is an ominous sign and denotes hypertensive complications in particular left ventricular failure. Among diabetics, elevated heart rate is associated with poor glycemic control.",
"Radiographs of the chest (CXR) were evaluated in 35 of 41 infants enrolled in a randomized controlled trial of modified bovine surfactant extract (Surfactant-TA Tokyo-Tanabe) treatment. Infants between birthweight 1000 and 1500 gm with respiratory distress syndrome requiring mechanical ventilation and an inspired oxygen concentration 0.4 or greater were randomly assigned to either a single intratracheal dose of saline or surfactant-TA prior to 8 hours of age. Radiographs obtained prior to treatment and 24 hours after treatment were reviewed by a radiologist (N.T.G.) without knowledge of treatment group. Evaluation consisted of a score including criteria for inflation of the lungs, density of the lungs, and extent of air bronchograms. Pneumothorax, pulmonary interstitial emphysema, and asymmetric parenchymal involvement were noted as well. No significant difference in CXR scores were noted in the two groups, before or after treatment. There was a greater incidence of pneumothorax and pulmonary interstitial emphysema in the control infants, which supports the role of surfactant in preventing barotrauma. Increased incidence of asymmetric parenchymal involvement was noted in the surfactant-treated infants. Further study of the possibility of drug maldistribution is warranted.",
"Biomarkers for active tuberculosis (TB) are urgently needed. Mycobacteria produce membrane vesicles (MVs) that contain concentrated immune-modulatory factors that are released into the host. We evaluated the human immune responses to BCG and Mycobacterium tuberculosis MVs to characterize the antibody responses and identify potentially novel TB biomarkers. Serological responses to MVs were evaluated by ELISAs and immunoblots with sera from 16 sputum smear-positive, 12 smear-negative HIV uninfected pulmonary TB patients and 16 BCG vaccinated Tuberculin skin-test positive controls with and without latent tuberculosis infection. MVs from both BCG and M. tuberculosis induced similar responses and were strongly immunogenic in TB patients but not in controls. Several MV-associated antigens appear to induce robust antibody responses, in particular the arabinomanan portion of the cell wall glycolipid lipoarabinomannan. Three proteins at ≈ 36, 25, and 23 kDa were simultaneously recognized by sera from 16/16 smear-positive, 9/12 smear-negative TB patients and 0/16 controls. These results provide promise and encouragement that antibody responses to proteins enriched in MVs of pathogenic mycobacteria may constitute a novel TB biomarker signature that could have diagnostic information.",
"The objective of the study was to compare the efficacy and safety of frovatriptan and almotriptan in women with menstrually related migraine (IHS Classification of Headache disorders) enrolled in a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, cross-over study. Patients received frovatriptan 2.5 mg or almotriptan 12.5 mg in a randomized sequence: after treating 3 episodes of migraine in no more than 3 months with the first treatment, the patient was switched to the other treatment. 67 of the 96 female patients of the intention-to-treat population of the main study had regular menstrual cycles and were thus included in this subgroup analysis. 77 migraine attacks classified as related to menses were treated with frovatriptan and 78 with almotriptan. Rate of pain relief at 2 and 4 h was 36 and 53 % for frovatriptan and 41 and 50 % for almotriptan (p = NS between treatments). Rate of pain free at 2 and 4 h was 19 and 47 % with frovatriptan and 29 and 54 % for almotriptan (p = NS). At 24 h, 62 % of frovatriptan-treated and 67 % of almotriptan-treated patients had pain relief, while 60 versus 67 % were pain free (p = NS). Recurrence at 24 h was significantly (p < 0.05) lower with frovatriptan (8 vs. 21 % almotriptan). This was the case also at 48 h (9 vs. 24 %, p < 0.05). Frovatriptan was as effective as almotriptan in the immediate treatment of menstrually related migraine attacks. However, it showed a more favorable sustained effect, as shown by a lower rate of migraine recurrence.",
"The primary outcome occurred in 351 of 4998 patients (7.0%) in the aspirin group and in 355 of 5012 patients (7.1%) in the placebo group (hazard ratio in the aspirin group, 0.99; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.86 to 1.15; P=0.92). Major bleeding was more common in the aspirin group than in the placebo group (230 patients [4.6%] vs. 188 patients [3.8%]; hazard ratio, 1.23; 95% CI, 1.01, to 1.49; P=0.04). The primary and secondary outcome results were similar in the two aspirin strata.",
"Felt prepared from polyglycolide (PGA) polymer fibers was pasted with fibrin glue for prevention of postoperative pulmonary fistula, and its effects were evaluated. The subjects were 90 patients who underwent thoracotomy and were expected to develop air leakage between March 1990 and the end of 1993. The felt sheet was simply pasted in position in 67 patients, applied and fixed by suturing in 7, and sutured and pasted in 16. The duration of air leakage in the three groups were 4.6 +/- 4.1, 3.9 +/- 4.9, and 3.2 +/- 3.8 days, respectively. According to the surgical procedure employed, the duration of air leakage was 5.0 +/- 4.0 days in 41 patients who underwent pulmonary lobectomy, 5.0 +/- 4.3 days in 5 patients who underwent segmentectomym, 2.6 +/- 3.1 days in 26 cases who underwent partial pneumonectomy, and 4.9 +/- 4.0 days in the 14 cases who underwent bulla resection. In terms of disease, the leakage time was 4.6 +/- 4.2 days in patients with emphysema, 0.6 +/- 1.2 days in those with diffuse pulmonary fibrosis, 0.7 +/- 0.9 days in those with Infectious disease, 4.8 +/- 4.2 in those with lung cancer, 1.5 +/- 1.5 days in those with benign lung tumor, and 3.8 +/- 2.7 days in those with metastatic lung tumors. The procedure had no side-effect on liver or kidney function. No infection was observed even after decortication for empyema. The use of felt prevented excessive shrinking of the lung due to over-suturing. Therefore, intraoperative application of a PGA felt sheet was considered to be an effective method for prevention of pulmonary fistula.",
"Our results suggest that hydroxyurea acts during erythroid development and modulates adhesion receptor expression and function differently, possibly by acting on gene expression and the signaling cascade leading to receptor activation.",
"Daytime IOP measurements are highly intercorrelated. According to this BN, IOP at 1200 and 2000 hours are more strongly associated with the nighttime IOP peak than other IOP measurements. BN can estimate the risk of a nighttime IOP peak >18 mm Hg. Daytime IOP control was important for nighttime IOP control. These findings require validation in a clinical setting.",
"In patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation at high risk of cardioembolic events and absolute contraindications to anticoagulation, LAAC using the ACP device followed by dual-/single-antiplatelet therapy was associated with a low rate of embolic and bleeding events after a mean follow-up of 20 months. No cases of severe residual leak or device thrombosis were observed at the 6-month follow-up.",
"The Immediate Myocardial Metabolic Enhancement During Initial Assessment and Treatment in Emergency care Trial of very early intravenous glucose-insulin-potassium (GIK) for acute coronary syndromes (ACS) in out-of-hospital emergency medical service (EMS) settings showed 80% reduction in infarct size at 30 days, suggesting potential longer-term benefits. Here we report 1-year outcomes. Prespecified 1-year end points of this randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, effectiveness trial included all-cause mortality and composites including cardiac arrest, mortality, or hospitalization for heart failure (HF). Of 871 participants randomized to GIK versus placebo, death occurred within 1 year in 11.6% versus 13.5%, respectively (unadjusted hazard ratio [HR] 0.83, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.57 to 1.23, p = 0.36). The composite of cardiac arrest or 1-year mortality was 12.8% versus 17.0% (HR 0.71, 95% CI 0.50 to 1.02, p = 0.06). The composite of hospitalization for HF or mortality within 1 year was 17.2% versus 17.2% (HR 0.98, 95% CI 0.70 to 1.37, p = 0.92). The composite of mortality, cardiac arrest, or HF hospitalization within 1 year was 18.1% versus 20.4% (HR 0.85, 95% CI 0.62 to 1.16, p = 0.30). In patients presenting with suspected ST elevation myocardial infarction, HRs for 1-year mortality and the 3 composites were, respectively, 0.65 (95% CI 0.33 to 1.27, p = 0.21), 0.52 (95% CI 0.30 to 0.92, p = 0.03), 0.63 (95% CI 0.35 to 1.16, p = 0.14), and 0.51 (95% CI 0.30 to 0.87, p = 0.01). In patients with suspected acute coronary syndromes, serious end points generally were lower with GIK than placebo, but the differences were not statistically significant. However, in those with ST elevation myocardial infarction, the composites of cardiac arrest or 1-year mortality, and of cardiac arrest, mortality, or HF hospitalization within 1 year, were significantly reduced.",
"A raised haematocrit concentration was associated with an increased risk of 30-day mortality and venous thrombosis following major surgery.",
"The effect of rate versus rhythm control in patients with atrial fibrillation who have undergone previous pacemaker (PM) implantation is unknown. We evaluated the mortality in patients with atrial fibrillation and a PM randomized to rate or rhythm control treatment strategies. The Atrial Fibrillation Follow-up Investigation of Rhythm Management data set was stratified by the presence (n = 250) or absence (n = 3,810) of a PM at randomization into the rate or rhythm control arm. Kaplan-Meier curves were used for univariate analysis, and proportional hazards were used for multivariate analysis. The subjects with a PM (n = 250) were older (73 vs 69 years, p <0.01) and had a greater prevalence of coronary artery disease (53% vs 37%, p <0.01) and congestive heart failure (33% vs 23%, p <0.01). All-cause mortality was significantly greater in the PM patients who were randomized to the rhythm control arm (n = 128) than in the patients enrolled in the rate control arm with or without a PM (n = 2,027, p <0.01) and those in the rhythm control arm without a PM (n = 1,905, p <0.01). Multivariate analysis revealed that predictors of all-cause mortality included PM patients randomized to the rhythm control arm (hazard ratio 2.59, 95% confidence interval 1.46 to 4.58, p <0.01) and the presence of congestive heart failure (hazard ratio 2.42, 95% confidence interval 1.40 to 4.16, p <0.01). In conclusion, all-cause mortality was greater among patients with atrial fibrillation with a PM, who were randomized to the rhythm control arm of the Atrial Fibrillation Follow-up Investigation of Rhythm Management study compared with all other patients enrolled in the Atrial Fibrillation Follow-up Investigation of Rhythm Management study. The rhythm control strategy in patients with a PM was an independent predictor of mortality.",
"Differential sequential pacing of the RV septum reliably distinguishes retrograde atrioventricular nodal conduction from AP conduction.",
"This study showed that bimatoprost 0.03% monotherapy significantly lowers IOP in both POAG and PCACG eyes over a period of 3 years, though its efficacy appeared to decrease over time, to a similar extent, in both groups.",
"Previous research suggests that a co-morbid relationship exists between migraine and endometriosis; however, results have been inconsistent. In addition, female hormones, which are important in the pathogenesis and management of endometriosis, have been reported to precipitate migraine attacks and may confound the results. The aim of this population-based cohort study was to explore the relationship between migraine and endometriosis in women of reproductive age (18-51 years). Data were derived from the National Health Insurance Research Database of Taiwan, which contains outpatient and inpatient records from 2000 to 2007. Our study cohort included 20,220 endometriosis patients and 263,767 controls without endometriosis. We analyzed the prevalence of migraine in these women as recorded during the eight years of the database. Our results found that patients with endometriosis were more likely to suffer migraine headaches compared to controls (odds ratio [OR], 1.70; 95% confidence interval [CI] [1.59, 1.82]; p<0.001). In addition, the co-morbid association between migraine and endometriosis remained significant after the data were controlled for age and frequently utilized hormone therapies (OR, 1.37; 95% CI, [1.27, 1.47]; p<0.001). The results of this cohort study support the existence of a co-morbid relationship between migraine and endometriosis, even after adjusting for the possible effects of female hormone therapies on migraine attacks.",
"This randomised controlled trial suggests that topical repellents are not a suitable intervention in addition to LLINs against malaria amongst agricultural populations in southern Lao PDR. These results are also likely to be applicable to much of the Greater Mekong Sub-region.",
"The results indicate that RMP concentrations are below the reference range in most patients, while PZA is within the target range of the standard doses.",
"Low serum baseline ratios to cholesterol of lathosterol, cholestenol and desmosterol, but a high ratio of cholestanol predicted a poor response to statins. Good responders were characterized by more profound reductions of serum and fecal (lathosterol) precursor sterols and increases of serum absorption marker sterol ratios on statins. Serum surrogate sterol markers of cholesterol metabolism were applicable in evaluating cholesterol absorption and synthesis also on statins.",
"The malaria vaccine candidate, RTS,S/AS01(E), showed promising protective efficacy in a trial of Kenyan and Tanzanian children aged 5 to 17 months. Here we report on the vaccine's safety and tolerability. The experimental design was a Phase 2b, two-centre, double-blind (observer- and participant-blind), randomised (1∶1 ratio) controlled trial. Three doses of study or control (rabies) vaccines were administered intramuscularly at 1 month intervals. Solicited adverse events (AEs) were collected for 7 days after each vaccination. There was surveillance and reporting for unsolicited adverse events for 30 days after each vaccination. Serious adverse events (SAEs) were recorded throughout the study period which lasted for 14 months after dose 1 in Korogwe, Tanzania and an average of 18 months post-dose 1 in Kilifi, Kenya. Blood samples for safety monitoring of haematological, renal and hepatic functions were taken at baseline, 3, 10 and 14 months after dose 1. A total of 894 children received RTS,S/AS01(E) or rabies vaccine between March and August 2007. Overall, children vaccinated with RTS,S/AS01(E) had fewer SAEs (51/447) than children in the control group (88/447). One SAE episode in a RTS,S/AS01(E) recipient and nine episodes among eight rabies vaccine recipients met the criteria for severe malaria. Unsolicited AEs were reported in 78% of subjects in the RTS,S/AS01(E) group and 74% of subjects in the rabies vaccine group. In both vaccine groups, gastroenteritis and pneumonia were the most frequently reported unsolicited AE. Fever was the most frequently observed solicited AE and was recorded after 11% of RTS,S/AS01(E) doses compared to 31% of doses of rabies vaccine. The candidate vaccine RTS,S/AS01(E) showed an acceptable safety profile in children living in a malaria-endemic area in East Africa. More data on the safety of RTS,S/AS01(E) will become available from the Phase 3 programme.",
"The nutritional status, measured by McLaren's classification, does not changes the results of TST. McLaren's classification only grades protein-caloric malnutrition, so in authors' experience this type of malnutrition does not interfere with TST results. Implementing other nutritional parameters could help to determine whether nutritional status should be taken into account when interpreting TST results.",
"High SUA levels are associated with all-cause, cerebral and other-cause mortality rates in ACS patients with CKD after DES implantation. Future research is needed to determine if lowering SUA levels will decrease mortality in these patients.",
"Providers should consider health literacy skills when engaging in glaucoma education.",
"Exercise is assumed to have a positive effect on migraine. However, none of the few studies on this topic can prove the expected positive influence of exercise. Therefore, the aim of this pilot study was to develop a training program suitable for migraine patients and to examine its effect on migraine. 16 patients were examined. 8 migraine patients completed a 10-week aerobic running exercise program consisting of 3 workouts per week. The program was developed by sports scientists especially to increase the fitness level. Physical fitness, i. e., physical working capacity, was assessed using a PWC 150 test. There was also a control group of 8 patients without any special physical training. Migraine patients of the exercise group showed both a reduction in the number of migraine days per month (p=0.048) and the intensity of the attacks (p=0.028). An increase in fitness level resulted in a lowered stress level. Stress strategies like "displacement activity" (r=-0.715; p=0.046), "looking for self-affirmation" (r=-0.742; p=0.035) and "feelings of aggression" (r=-0.802; p=0.017) were reduced. Increasing the level of fitness (PWC 150) is one predictor for migraine improvement (r=0.409, p=0.031). Aerobic exercise which leads to a better fitness level is an alternative therapy method for migraine.",
"Our analysis is based on data from AVERROES, a randomized double-blind trial testing the efficacy and safety of apixaban against aspirin for the prevention of thrombo-embolism in 5599 atrial fibrillation (AF) patients unsuitable for vitamin K antagonist therapy. Hospitalizations were captured by dedicated case report forms and the outcome variable was time from randomization to the first hospitalization. Effects of treatment with apixaban on the rates of cardiovascular and non-cardiovascular hospitalizations were assessed using Cox proportional hazards regression models. During a mean follow-up of 1.1 years, 800 patients were hospitalized at least once for cardiovascular reasons, 442 (15.4%/year) in the aspirin group, 358 (12.3%) in the apixaban group [hazard ratio (HR) 0.80, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.69-0.92; P = 0.002]. The reduction in cardiovascular hospitalization in the apixaban arm was predominantly due to a reduction in hospitalization for strokes, but there were also fewer hospitalizations for other cardiovascular causes. Patients with paroxysmal AF were significantly more likely to be hospitalized for AF treatment, whereas more heart failure admissions occurred in patients with permanent AF. Assignment to apixaban was the only independent predictor for a reduction in hospitalization. Cardiovascular hospitalization was the strongest independent predictor of subsequent mortality (HR: 3.95, 95% CI: 3.06-5.09; P < 0.001).",
"The study was undertaken to determine the safety and efficacy of NIPRISAN, a phytomedicine, developed for the management of patients with Sickle Cell Disorder (SCD). The study design is a placebo-controlled double blind cross-over trial. Eighty-two (82) patients with SCD were recruited and randomised into two groups. An initial 4 month pre-trial study was undertaken to determine the similarity of the groups. The main study was conducted over a twelve-month period with crossover at six months. Safety of the drug was assessed clinically and biochemically. NIPRISAN significantly (P < 0.01) reduced the frequency of SCD crisis associated with severe pains. Acute toxicity to the liver assessed by the activities of liver enzymes, indicate that NIPRISAN is safe. Renal function assessed by the serum levels of creatinine and blood urea nitrogen remained normal. Both the clinical and laboratory results of the present phase IIB (pivot) clinical study suggest that NIPRISAN is a safe and efficacious phytomedicine for the management of patients with Sickle Cell Disorder.",
"Prevalence of abnormal LV hypertrophy and geometry increased from young adulthood to middle age. Both young adult cardiovascular risk traits and change in these traits predicted change in LV mass/geometry.",
"The aim of this study was to investigate the prevalence of migraine, alexithymia, and post-traumatic stress disorder among medical students at Cumhuriyet University of Sivas in Turkey. A total of 250 medical students participated in this study and answered the questionnaires. The study was conducted in three stages: the self-questionnaire, the neurological evaluation, and the psychiatric evaluation. In the first stage, the subjects completed a questionnaire to assess migraine symptoms and completed the three-item Identification of Migraine Questionnaire, the Toronto Alexithymia Scale, and the Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder Checklist-Civilian Version Scale. The subjects who reported having a migraine underwent a detailed neurological evaluation conducted by a neurologist to confirm the diagnosis. In the final stage, the subjects with a migraine completed a psychiatric examination using the structured clinical interview for DSM-IV-R Axis I. The actual prevalence of migraine among these medical students was 12.6 %. The students with a migraine were diagnosed with alexithymia and post-traumatic stress disorder more frequently than those without migraine. The Migraine Disability Assessment Scale scores correlated with the post-traumatic stress disorder scores. The results of this study indicate that migraine was highly prevalent among medical students in Turkey and was associated with the alexithymic personality trait and comorbid psychiatric disorders including post-traumatic stress disorder. Treatment strategies must be developed to manage these comorbidities.",
"Plasma concentrations were obtained from 9,183 patients, with 112 ischemic strokes/systemic emboli (1.3%) and 323 major bleeds (3.8%) recorded. Dabigatran levels were dependent on renal function, age, weight, and female sex, but not ethnicity, geographic region, ASA use, or clopidogrel use. A multiple logistic regression model (c-statistic 0.657, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.61 to 0.71) showed that the risk of ischemic events was inversely related to trough dabigatran concentrations (p = 0.045), with age and previous stroke (both p < 0.0001) as significant covariates. Multiple logistic regression (c-statistic 0.715, 95% CI: 0.69 to 0.74) showed major bleeding risk increased with dabigatran exposure (p < 0.0001), age (p < 0.0001), ASA use (p < 0.0003), and diabetes (p = 0.018) as significant covariates.",
"ATP-binding cassette, sub-family B (encoded by ABCB-1 or MDR-1) has an important role in cellular export of antiretroviral agents. A previous study showed that ABCB-1 C3435T polymorphism affects plasma efavirenz and nelfinavir concentrations and rate of CD4+ T cell recovery after starting antiretroviral treatment (ART). The present study examined the influence of ABCB-1 polymorphisms on plasma nevirapine and efavirenz levels when co-administered with rifampicin in 124 HIV/TB patients who received nevirapine- (400 mg/day) (n = 59) and efavirenz- (600 mg/day) (n = 65) based ART. ABCB-1 C3435T polymorphisms were genotyped using real-time PCR. CD4 T cell counts and HIV-1 viral RNA were evaluated in response to ART. The frequencies of CC, CT and TT genotypes of ABCB-1 C3435T polymorphism were 34% (n = 42), 55% (n = 68) and 12% (n = 14), respectively. Contrary to the previous report, no association was found among these genotypes and plasma drug concentrations at weeks 6 and 12 of ART and after rifampicin discontinuation. We also observed no differences in CD4+ T cell recovery rate among different ABCB-1 C3435T genotypes. In nevirapine group, however, all the patients with CT genotype achieved HIV-1 RNA levels of < 50 copies/ml, while 67% of those with TT and 95% with CC genotypes achieved < 50 copies/ml (p = 0.040). These data suggested that ABCB-1 C3435T polymorphisms do not affect plasma nevirapine and efavirenz concentrations in HIV/TB co-infected Thai patients or their immunological outcome, but had an effect on virologic outcome in the nevirapine-treated group.",
"Intravitreal bevacizumab was effective in reversing iris neovascularization in association with panretinal photocoagulation and cyclophotocoagulation.",
"The analysis provides a thorough PK characterization of dabigatran in the AF patient population from RE-LY. None of the covariates investigated, with the exception of renal function, warrants dose adjustment.",
"RheothRx (Glaxo Wellcome Inc, Research Triangle Park, NC; poloxamer 188) Injection is a nonionic surfactant with hemorrheologic properties that suggest it may be useful in treating acute painful episodes (vasoocclusive crises) of sickle cell disease (SCD). We conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled pilot study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of poloxamer, formulated as RheothRx Injection, in 50 patients with SCD. Patients with moderate to severe painful episodes requiring parenteral analgesics were randomized to receive a 48-hour infusion of either RheothRx or placebo. Pain was assessed every 4 hours. Efficacy endpoints included: (1) painful episode duration, (2) days of hospitalization, (3) quantity of analgesics used, and (4) pain intensity scores. Three subgroups of patients were considered for efficacy analyses based on the actual duration of the study drug infusion and the completeness of pain score data collection. Compared with placebo and depending on the subgroup, RheothRx-treated patients showed a 16% to 45% decrease in duration of painful episodes, a 1- to 2-day reduction in hospital stay, a threefold to fivefold reduction in analgesic requirements, and a 1-point reduction (using a 5-point scale) in average pain intensity scores at 72 hours. RheothRx was well tolerated; no clinically significant differences were observed between treatments with respect to adverse experiences or other safety measures. In addition, there were no differences between treatment groups in the incidence of recurrent painful episodes. In this study, RheothRx significantly reduced total analgesic use and pain intensity and showed trends to shorter duration of painful episodes and total days of hospitalization. In patients with moderate to severe vasoocclusive pain, RheothRx was safe and may offer a therapeutic benefit.",
"We believe this simple and cheap method could be used at least in some instances where additional staple reinforcement would be necessary. It may also be remembered when air leaks are encountered at suture holes after suturing the lung.",
"The findings of this trial, which need to be verified in a large multicenter study, suggest that omega-3 fatty acids can be an effective, safe, and affordable therapy for sickle cell anemia. This trial was registered with Current Controlled Trials as ISRCTN80844630.",
"Among patients with probable Alzheimer disease and agitation who were receiving psychosocial intervention, the addition of citalopram compared with placebo significantly reduced agitation and caregiver distress; however, cognitive and cardiac adverse effects of citalopram may limit its practical application at the dosage of 30 mg per day.",
"In the healthy patients, VVOR nystagmus is always homodirectional to OKN and indicates the optokinetic system prevalence on VOR. The presence of a VVOR nystagmus homodirectional to VOR indicates the absence of the optokinetic system prevalence due to a central nervous system (CNS) modification and highlights a CNS disease. Our data highlight a possible correlation between CNS disorders and migraine equivalent syndrome.",
"Our data support the combined use of T-SPOT.TB and TST in patients with CIA before biologics introduction. However, despite these good diagnostic values, indeterminate results may complicate the use of IGRA.",
"null",
"This study found that current counseLing practices for patients starting OHA can be improved. Our protocol could be a useful and feasible tool to facilitate implementation of first prescription counseling.",
"Complication rates with OS are higher than those seen with other stimulation techniques, despite identical hardware and similar surgery. The location of migraine pain did predict outcome, and suggests that only those with primarily occipital region headache are candidates for this therapy.",
"Taprenepag isopropyl significantly reduces IOP in POAG and ocular hypertension. Taprenepag isopropyl monotherapy is comparable to latanoprost 0.005% in reducing IOP. As demonstrated in this report, the activity of taprenepag isopropyl is additive to that of latanoprost 0.005%. Further studies are required to determine whether it shows similar additivity when administered with other ocular antihypertensive medications.",
"There is limited data on the efficacy of hydroxyurea (HU) in Indian sickle cell anemia patients who have severe manifestations despite high fetal hemoglobin (Hb F). Sixty sickle cell anemia children (5-18 years) with more than three episodes of vasoocclusive crises or blood transfusions per year were randomized to receive HU (n = 30) or placebo (n = 30) therapy. Fixed dose (10 mg/kg/day) of HU was administered for 18 months and the patients were followed-up monthly with clinical assessment and laboratory monitoring. In the HU group, hemoglobin (Hb) and Hb F levels increased significantly along with a significant decrease in the number of painful crises, blood transfusion requirements and hospitalizations compared to the placebo group. No major adverse events were observed in this study. In conclusion, low-fixed dose HU therapy was effective for the treatment of Indian sickle cell anemia children. However, there is a need for long-term studies to evaluate the efficacy and toxicity in a larger number of Indian sickle cell anemia patients.",
"DFT testing is not performed in many (29%) patients in clinical practice. Patients who did not undergo testing were more likely to have adverse events and to be older with more comorbidities, which could explain why DFT testing was avoided. Prospective randomized data are needed to determine the impact of DFT testing on outcome.",
"In magnetic resonance images of volunteers, simulated needle passes with the "plumb-bob" approach to the supraclavicular brachial plexus block were analyzed for precision and risk profile. To avoid needle contact with the lung, the subclavian vein, and the subclavian artery, our results suggest a change in the method's initial needle direction.",
"In patients with nonvalvular AF at moderate to high risk of stroke, impaired renal function is a potent predictor of stroke and systemic embolism. Stroke risk stratification in patients with AF should include renal function.",
"The rate of rim area loss is approximately 5 times faster in eyes in which POAG developed compared with eyes in which it did not. These results suggest that measuring the rate of structural change can provide important information for the clinical management of ocular hypertensive patients. Additional follow-up is needed to determine whether the statistically significant change in the eyes in which POAG did not develop represents normal aging or glaucomatous change not detected by conventional methods.",
"Tafluprost is a new effective and well-tolerated treatment for glaucoma and ocular hypertension.",
"Sixty patients (37 males, 23 females, age range 7 to 34 years) suffering from sickle cell disease were treated with pentoxifylline (1200 mg/day per os, Trental 400 t.i.d.) or placebo in a double-blind randomized study of six week duration. Observation of pain frequency, intensity and duration of pain events as well as determination of various laboratory and hematologic parameters were maintained on weekly or biweekly basis, respectively, throughout the study. At the end of the trial the number of patients (14) with pain periods and the number of pain events (57) and the mean duration of pain events (4.1 days) in the drug group were significantly better than in the placebo group with 25 patients with pain, 219 pain events and 8.8 days mean pain duration. Hematocrit, red cell count, hemoglobin and platelet aggregation showed slight but significant positive changes with no corresponding alteration with placebo. The over all assessment of the therapeutic response showed 21 clearly improved patients with pentoxifylline compared to 10 such patients with placebo (p less than 0.05). Two patients on pentoxifylline and four on placebo experienced transient side effects of nausea and gastric intolerance.",
"Low-dose methotraxate had an acceptable safety profile. However, methotrexate blood levels did not reach the desirable C(eff) of 250-400-nM required to clear malaria infection in vivo. Further dose finding and safety studies are necessary to confirm suitability of this drug as an anti-malarial agent.",
"Our findings demonstrated that brainstem and trigeminovascular connections play an important role in migraine pathogenesis and that central mechanisms play a role in TTH and concerning these two diseases.",
"Few studies have investigated whether angiotensin II receptor blocker (ARB) is a practical alternative to angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitor (ACEI) for long-term use after acute myocardial infarction (AMI) in real-world practice in the percutaneous coronary intervention era. We compared 5-year survival benefits of ACEI and ARB in patients with AMI registered in the Osaka Acute Coronary Insufficiency Study. Study subjects were divided into 3 groups: ACEI (n = 4,425), ARB (n = 2,158), or patients without either drug (n = 2,442). A total of 661 deaths were recorded. Cox regression analysis revealed that treatment with either ACEI or ARB was associated with reduced 5-year mortality (adjusted hazard ratio [HR] 0.70, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.58 to 0.83, p <0.001 and HR 0.79, 95% CI 0.64 to 0.98, p = 0.03, respectively). However, Kaplan-Meier estimates and Cox regression analyses based on propensity score revealed that ACEI was associated with better survival than ARB from 2 to 5 years after survival discharge (adjusted HR 0.53, 95% CI 0.38 to 0.74, p <0.001). These findings were confirmed in a propensity score-matched population. In conclusion, treatment with ACEI was associated with better 5-year survival after AMI.",
"Consistent with its function as a chaperone protein, melusin overexpression exerts a dual protective action following MI reducing an array of maladaptive processes. In the early phase after MI, reduced inflammation and myocyte remodelling protect against cardiac rupture. Chronically, reduced myocyte loss and matrix remodelling, with preserved myocyte contractility, confer adaptive LV remodelling.",
"Patients were likely to achieve and maintain low target IOP with both drugs. Both drugs also resulted in improvement in the central retinal artery blood flow.",
"Recurrence after thoracoscopic surgery for primary spontaneous pneumothorax is a lingering problem, and many intraoperative methods to induce pleural symphysis have been introduced. We analyzed the effects of chemical pleurodesis during thoracoscopic procedures. Between August 2003 and July 2005, 141 patients among indicated surgical treatment for primary spontaneous pneumothorax in two hospitals of our institution allowed this prospective study. The patients were randomly assigned to 3 groups: thoracoscopic procedure only (group A, n=50), thoracoscopic procedure and pleurodesis with dextrose solution (group B, n=49), and thoracoscopic procedure and pleurodesis with talc-dextrose mixed solution (group C, n=42). There was no significant difference in demographic data among the three groups. The two groups that underwent intraoperative pleurodesis had significantly longer postoperative hospital stays (A/B/C: 2.50+/-1.85/4.49+/-2.10/6.00+/-2.58 days; p=0.001) and a higher incidence of postoperative fever (A/B/C: 10.0/22.45/52.38%; chi(2)= 21.598, p=0.00). No significant differences were found for recurrence rates or the number of postoperative days until chest tube removal. Therefore, the results of our study indicate that intraoperative chemical pleurodesis gives no additional advantage to surgery alone in deterring recurrence for patients with primary spontaneous pneumothorax. Thus, the use of such scarifying agents in the operating room must be reconsidered.",
"Residual submicroscopic parasitemia is common after ACT and is associated with a higher transmission potential. Residual parasitemia may also have consequences for individual patients because of its higher risk of recurrent parasitemia.",
"The results indicate prominent improvement in the management process of patients suffering from acute myocardial infarction within the past 20 years.",
"Results of the present study suggest that, based on HDL genetics and HDL functionality, HDL metabolism does not seem to predict the risk of AVS. Because of our limited sample size, additional studies are needed to confirm these findings.",
"In HCM patients, extrinsic factors such as obesity are independently associated with increase in LV mass and may dictate progression of heart failure symptoms.",
"Breath-holding after forced expiration before removal of the biopsy needle during the percutaneous CT-guided transthoracic lung biopsy almost halved the rate of overall pneumothorax. Small lesion size (longitudinal diameter) and the distance from pleura were also predictors of pneumothorax in our study.",
"Migraine may be a risk factor for subclinical brain infarction. Prospective studies are needed in race/ethnically diverse populations.",
"We were unable to demonstrate a synergistic analgesic effect for ketorolac in the treatment of pain from acute vaso-occlusive crisis in pediatric sickle cell disease. Further investigations involving larger samples of sickle cell patients may be needed to further define a role for ketorolac in the acute management of sickle cell vaso-occlusive pain.",
"In the first clinical trial of an adjunctive treatment aimed at increasing NO bioavailability in severe malaria, L-arginine infused at 12 g over 8 hours was safe, but did not improve lactate clearance or endothelial NO bioavailability. Future studies may require increased doses of L-arginine.",
"As compared with digoxin and amiodarone, intravenous diltiazem was safe and effective in achieving VR control to improve symptoms and to reduce hospital stay in patients with acute AF.",
"Bevacizumab may not exert significant additive effects in trabeculectomy when administered in conjunction with 5-FU.",
"Diabetes has been inconsistently associated with increased risk of venous thromboembolism (VTE) and there is little direct evidence on the associations of glycemia levels with VTE. We used data from the Atherosclerosis Risk in Communities study to test the hypothesis that glycemia, as measured by hemoglobin A1c (A1c), is positively associated with VTE. Participants aged 45-64 years (n = 12,298) had A1c measured in 1990 and were followed for incident VTE (n = 345) through 2005. Because A1c is affected by diabetes treatment, analyses were stratified by history of diagnosed diabetes. Owing to evidence of non-linearity, we categorized A1c according to clinical cut-points: <5.7, 5.7-6.4, and ≥ 6.5% in those with no diagnosed diabetes; <7.0 and ≥ 7.0% in those with diagnosed diabetes. After adjustment for potential confounders, the hazard ratios (95% CIs) for VTE across increasing A1c categories were 1 (referent), 1.02 (0.77, 1.35) and 0.72 (0.41, 1.29) for those without diagnosed diabetes, and 1.30 (0.77, 2.17) and 1.41 (0.95, 2.09) for those with diagnosed diabetes. To explore the relation, we employed various models to adjust for potential confounding variables and modeled A1c as tertiles. We consistently found elevated hazard ratios in those with diagnosed diabetes, though the association was not statistically significant in every model. Hazard ratios in those without diagnosed diabetes were close to 1. In conclusion, our results are mildly suggestive that diagnosed diabetes and high levels of glucose, per se, may increase the risk of VTE. Elevated glucose was not related to VTE in those without diagnosed diabetes.",
"Despite an overall rate of resistance still moderate, the frequency of mutations conferring INH monoresistance and identification of the first strain of XDR require strengthening surveillance of drug resistant tuberculosis in Lao PDR.",
"Components of MetS are associated with increased odds for presence and severity of NAFLD and increased risk with increasing number of MetS components in a multi-ethnic population of middle-to-old age persons.",
"No single test can detect all instances of GTB. A combination of tests is needed to increase the detection rate. Treatment given solely on the basis of a positive PCR result can result in conception.",
"These findings suggest that alpha-lipoic acid may have a role in preventing the development of diabetic cardiomyopathy in type 1 diabetes.",
"As adjunctive therapy to timolol, tafluprost achieved a consistently greater reduction in IOP compared with vehicle, and was well tolerated.",
"Lungs in patients with PSP show significantly more abnormalities at WLT when compared with normal subjects. High-grade FEAT lesions were exclusively present in PSP, and predominantly at lung zones that appeared normal at white light inspection. These findings suggest that significant parenchymal abnormalities are not limited to lesions visible during WLT, such as blebs and bullae.",
"The application of Coseal sealant proved safe and effective in reducing air leaks occurring after lung resection and in shortening the duration of postoperative air leak with a trend towards a shorter postoperative hospital stay.",
"The objective of the present study was to assess the safety and effectiveness of vernakalant hydrochloride injection (RSD1235), a novel antiarrhythmic drug, for the conversion of atrial fibrillation (AF) or atrial flutter to sinus rhythm (SR). Patients with either AF or atrial flutter were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive vernakalant (n = 138) or placebo (n = 138) and were stratified by an arrhythmia duration of >3 hours to ≤7 days (short duration) and 8 to ≤45 days (long duration). The first infusion of placebo or vernakalant (3 mg/kg) was given for 10 minutes followed by a second infusion of placebo or vernakalant (2 mg/kg) 15 minutes later if the arrhythmia had not terminated. A total of 265 patients were randomized and received treatment. The primary end point was conversion of AF to SR for ≥1 minute within 90 minutes of the start of the drug infusion in the short-duration AF group. Of the 86 patients receiving vernakalant in the short-duration AF group, 44 (51.2%) demonstrated conversion to SR compared to 3 (3.6%) of the 84 in the placebo group (p <0.0001). The median interval to conversion of short-duration AF to SR in the responders given vernakalant was 8 minutes. Of the entire AF population (short- and long-duration AF), 47 (39.8%) of the 118 vernakalant patients experienced conversion of AF to SR compared to 4 (3.3%) of the 121 placebo patients (p <0.0001). Transient dysgeusia and sneezing were the most common adverse events in the vernakalant patients. One vernakalant patient who had severe aortic stenosis experienced hypotension and ventricular fibrillation and died. In conclusion, vernakalant demonstrated a rapid and high rate of conversion for short-duration AF and was well tolerated.",
"Improved risk stratification and its understanding in patients with aortic valve disease and previous cardiac surgery is required. Despite the perceived high risks in the surgically treated group, there were no deaths and redo surgery patients had lower rates of stroke and pacemaker implantation than did those who underwent TAVI.",
"The determination of alpha-interferon in serum and CSF is useful diagnostic marker of tuberculosis who could improve the management of TB meningitis.",
"The Vancouver Chest Pain Rule with troponin as the only biomarker identified a sizable low-risk cohort. However, sensitivity was lower than that identified in the original derivation study and was considered insufficient to enable safe early discharge. Modifications to the tool would be required if troponin was incorporated as the only biomarker.",
"The effect of rate versus rhythm control in patients with atrial fibrillation who have undergone previous pacemaker (PM) implantation is unknown. We evaluated the mortality in patients with atrial fibrillation and a PM randomized to rate or rhythm control treatment strategies. The Atrial Fibrillation Follow-up Investigation of Rhythm Management data set was stratified by the presence (n = 250) or absence (n = 3,810) of a PM at randomization into the rate or rhythm control arm. Kaplan-Meier curves were used for univariate analysis, and proportional hazards were used for multivariate analysis. The subjects with a PM (n = 250) were older (73 vs 69 years, p <0.01) and had a greater prevalence of coronary artery disease (53% vs 37%, p <0.01) and congestive heart failure (33% vs 23%, p <0.01). All-cause mortality was significantly greater in the PM patients who were randomized to the rhythm control arm (n = 128) than in the patients enrolled in the rate control arm with or without a PM (n = 2,027, p <0.01) and those in the rhythm control arm without a PM (n = 1,905, p <0.01). Multivariate analysis revealed that predictors of all-cause mortality included PM patients randomized to the rhythm control arm (hazard ratio 2.59, 95% confidence interval 1.46 to 4.58, p <0.01) and the presence of congestive heart failure (hazard ratio 2.42, 95% confidence interval 1.40 to 4.16, p <0.01). In conclusion, all-cause mortality was greater among patients with atrial fibrillation with a PM, who were randomized to the rhythm control arm of the Atrial Fibrillation Follow-up Investigation of Rhythm Management study compared with all other patients enrolled in the Atrial Fibrillation Follow-up Investigation of Rhythm Management study. The rhythm control strategy in patients with a PM was an independent predictor of mortality.",
"Regulated seal is as effective and safe as regulated suction in managing chest tubes following lobectomy. This information demonstrates with objective data the non-superiority of regulated suction vs regulated seal and may assist in future investigations on regulated pleural pressure.",
"Vitamin D supplementation in pregnant women with GDM had beneficial effects on glycemia and total and LDL-cholesterol concentrations but did not affect inflammation and oxidative stress. This trial was registered at www.irct.ir as IRCT201305115623N7.",
"MDM from Group-II had increased concentration of LL-37 peptide and transcript at day-4, while Group-I showed increased transcript at day-4 and day-8 compared to day-0 (p < 0.05). Both Group-I and -II exhibited higher levels of transcript on day-4 compared to Group-III and Group-V (p < 0.035). Increased induction of peptide was observed in lymphocytes from Group-II on day-4 compared to Group-I and Group-IV (p < 0.05), while Group-IV showed increased levels on day-8 compared to Group-I and Group-III (p < 0.04). Intracellular killing of Mtb on day-4 was significantly increased compared to day-0 in Group-I, -II and -V (p < 0.05).",
"Hydroxyurea (HU), a widely used cytostatic, has been given over a long period of time to 14 adult Caucasian compound heterozygotes for beta s and various beta-thalassaemia genes. All patients had severe pain crises and other complications prior to receiving the drug. After 4-8 weeks on high 'sub-toxic' doses of HU all patients responded with a multifold increase of fetal haemoglobin (HbF) and a marked increase of MCV and MCH; they also felt significantly better and ceased having pains or other complaints. Haematological toxicity was minimal and rapidly reversible. Follow-up of the patients has now exceeded 100 weeks and goes up to 180 weeks in two of them. Pain crises have never recurred. Maintenance of high levels of HBF requires continuous administration of high doses of HU; whenever the latter were decrease in various attempts to avoid potential long-term toxicity, the observed changes gradually faded. The effect of HU in HbS/beta-thalassaemia may be better than that reported for homozygous HbS disease because the synthesized gamma-chains not only inhibit the sickling process but they also neutralize the noxious effects of the excess alpha-chains and cut down the ineffective erythropoiesis of the patients.",
"Larger proportions of penumbra in the subacute phase after AMI are associated with increased risk of developing VTs. Quantification of penumbra size may become a useful future tool for risk stratification and ultimately for the prevention of ventricular arrhythmias.",
"We observed decreasing bacillary burden with increasing level of immunosuppression as measured by Xpert MTB/RIF cycle threshold values. A cycle threshold value of 28 can be used as a measure of bacterial burden and smear status in a high HIV burden setting.",
"For every 1000 patients tested, adding lateral-flow urine LAM generated 80 incremental appropriate anti-tuberculosis treatments and averted 224 DALYs. Estimated cost utility was US$353 per DALY averted (95% uncertainty range $192$1161) in South Africa and $86 per DALY averted (95% uncertainty range $49$239) in Uganda, reflecting the lower treatment costs in Uganda. Cost utility was most sensitive to assay specificity, cost of anti-tuberculosis treatment, life expectancy after TB cure and cohort TB prevalence, but did not rise above $1500 per DALY averted in South Africa under any one-way sensitivity analysis. The probability of acceptability was >99.8% at a per-DALY willingness-to-pay threshold equal to the per capita gross domestic product in South Africa ($7275) and Uganda ($509).",
"A questionnaire such as the HMP programme inherently has limited depth, and the sampling procedure (GPs with triptan knowledge from three countries) needs to be considered when interpreting the results. Nevertheless, the survey provides important information relating to the management of headache in primary care, highlighting the need for both continuing medical education and also improved referral to specialist care.",
"Adverse events during a PSG were relatively uncommon. Previous emphasis on cardiac arrhythmias may be overstated, as chest pain and patient falls were commonest and resulted in hospitalization more often.",
"There is a significant decline in global cognitive efficiency at the onset of an attack of migraine. The use of Treximet allows a significantly faster recovery time in some measures of cognitive efficiency compared with placebo. Decline of cognitive efficiency may be independent of headache severity.",
"The association which we found between EF and ICG parameters was not reported in previous studies. We found no association between EF and ICG parameters which were suggested previously as the determinants of reduced left ventricular systolic function.The knowledge concerning explanation of hemodynamic parameters measured by ICG that is available nowadays is not sufficient to adopt the method in practice and use it to describe left ventricular systolic dysfunction.",
"From this preliminary study, intravenous injection of lidocaine seems to be safe and effective in controlling intraocular pressure and eliminating symptoms in acute PACG. But the exact efficacy and safety need further investigation in large case studies.",
"There is considerable evidence suggesting that cytokines play important roles in pain and in mediating neurovascular inflammation associated with migraine headaches. Although consensus exists to recommend topiramate (TPM) for migraine prevention, the mechanism of action in this regard is unknown. We measured serum interleukin-6 (IL-6) levels in 66 migraine patients. Of these patients, 23 (34.9%) were taking TPM for migraine, and 43 (65.1%) were not. The IL-6 levels were compared with those of healthy controls without migraine, from the population living in the same region. The mean IL-6 levels in migraine patients taking TPM and patients who did not were 67.06 +/- 92.09 pg/mL and 44.09 +/- 59.19 pg/mL, respectively (P > 0.05). The IL-6 levels were higher in the patients taking TPM. The IL-6 level in the controls was 8.60 +/- 7.36 pg/mL, which was significantly lower than the patient group using TPM (P = 0.001). Our results show that, although IL-6 may be involved in pain induction or inflammatory mechanisms of migraine attacks, the serum IL-6 level was not reduced in migraine patients receiving TPM therapy. In conclusion, we found high IL-6 levels in migraine patients both with and without TPM therapy, suggesting that high IL-6 levels during pain-free periods could be a conditioning factor, making patients more vulnerable to pain attacks in chronic migraine. Further studies investigating the possible mechanism of TPM in migraine are needed.",
"Vitamin A as adjunct therapy did not significantly reduce coma duration but there were fewer deaths in the vitamin A arm.",
"Block effectiveness (91%) and onset time (20 minutes) were satisfactory and comparable to the vertical paracoracoid approach. The low rate of axillary vessel punctures (2%) may be the most important advantage of this block. The needle insertion depth measurements confirmed the MRI findings, but the dorsal angle was steeper than predicted.",
"This study aimed to investigate the prevalence of resistance to second-line antituberculosis (anti-TB) drugs and its association with resistance-related mutations in Mycobacterium tuberculosis isolated in China. In the present study, we collected 380 isolates from a population-based study in China and tested the drug susceptibility to first- and selected second-line drugs. These results were compared with polymorphisms in the DNA sequences of genes associated with drug resistance and MIC values of the studied second-line drugs. Of 43 multidrug-resistant M. tuberculosis isolates, 13 showed resistance to fluoroquinolones or injectable second-line drugs (preextensively drug-resistant TB [pre-XDR-TB]), and 4 were resistant to both and thus defined as extensively drug-resistant TB (XDR-TB). Age and previous TB therapy, including use of second-line drugs, were two independent factors associated with increased resistance to both first- and second-line drugs. Molecular analysis identified the most frequent mutations in the resistance-associated genes: D94G in gyrA (29.1%) and A1401G in rrs (30.8%). Meanwhile, all 4 XDR-TB isolates had a mutation in gyrA, and 3 of them carried the A1401G mutation in rrs. Mutations in gyrA and rrs were associated with high-level resistance to fluoroquinolones and the second-line injectable drugs. In addition to the identification of resistance-associated mutations and development of a rapid molecular test to diagnose the second-line drug resistance, it should be a priority to strictly regulate the administration of second-line drugs to maintain their efficacy to treat multidrug-resistant TB.",
"HIV-infected persons not receiving ART had more adverse events during the intensive phase of anti-tuberculosis treatment, but tolerated treatment well. Failure rates were higher among HIV-infected persons treated with thrice-weekly intensive phase therapy.",
"The fixed combination of bimatoprost 0.03%/timolol 0.5% administered once daily was comparable in ocular hypotensive efficacy to the non-fixed combination. The lower propensity of the fixed combination to elicit conjunctival hyperemia suggests a superior comparative benefit/risk assessment of the fixed combination in the treatment of elevated IOP.",
"When considering PCI with DES, there is no difference in outcome between patients with and without proximal LAD lesions.",
"The TATORT-NSTEMI trial has been designed to test the hypothesis that thrombectomy will improve myocardial perfusion in patients with NSTEMI and relevant thrombus burden in the culprit vessel reperfused by early PCI.",
"The purpose of this study is to evaluate the intraocular pressure (IOP) -lowering effect and safety of topical travoprost with sofzia and without benzalkonium chloride on Japanese patients with glaucoma. Topical travoprost (0.04%) was used on 39 glaucoma patients with no prior use of topical prostaglandin F2alpha analogues (Beginning group). The IOP, number of conjunctival follicules, degrees of conjunctival hyperemia, and degrees of superficial punctate keratitis (SPK, AD-classification) were determined at the beginning of the treatment and after 1 month and 3 months. 37 other patients who were using 0.005% topical latanoprost were switched to 0.04% topical travoprost and analyzed in the same way (Switched group). For the Beginning group, the IOP was significantly decreased after 3 months (p < 0.0001). The conjunctival follicule score was decreased significantly (p = 0.033). Both the SPK area score and density score for the cases with SPK at the baseline decreased significantly (p = 0.034 and p = 0.024). In the switched group, the IOP was not changed significantly at 3 months after the switch (p = 0.118). Both the conjunctival follicule and hyperemia score were significantly decreased at 3 month (p = 0.0074 and p = 0.0047). The SPK area score for the cases with SPK at the time of switch decreased significantly (p = 0.013). Travoprost with sofzia preservative had an equal effect in reducing the IOP as latanoprost. It had low toxicity on the ocular surface of Japanese glaucoma patients.",
"This safe, well-tolerated, and low-cost regimen, consisting of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids plus vitamins C and E supplementation, favorably affected post-operative atrial fibrillation, increased antioxidant potential, and attenuated oxidative stress and inflammation. (Prevention of Post-Operative Atrial Fibrillation: Pathophysiological Characterization of a Pharmacological Intervention Based on a Novel Model of Nonhypoxic Pre-Conditioning; ISRCTN45347268).",
"In HRE patients without previous hypertension, short-term spironolactone reduced exercise BP, 24-hour ambulatory BP, LVMI, and E/e(m) but did not significantly alter exercise capacity or myocardial strain.",
"In this EMR-based cohort, the increase in QTc with sotalol initiation was highly variable, and multiple clinical factors contributed. These data represent an important step in ongoing work to identify real-world patients likely to tolerate long-term therapy and reinforces the utility of EMR-based cohorts as research tools.",
"In the attack stage of migraine, by the therapy combined with puncture on local and distal points and the points according to the differentiation, auricular electroacupuncture and bloodletting at Taiyang Zimai or Taiyang (EX-HN 5) and Ashi points, the favorable effects of immediate analgesia are received.",
"Sickle cell trait (HbAS) is known to be protective against Plasmodium falciparum malaria, but it is unclear when during the course of infection this protection occurs and whether protection is innate or acquired. To address these questions, a cohort of 601 children 1-10 years of age were enrolled in Kampala, Uganda, and followed for 18 months for symptomatic malaria and asymptomatic parasitemia. Genotyping was used to detect and follow individual parasite clones longitudinally within subjects. Children with HbAS were protected against the establishment of parasitemia, as assessed by the molecular force of infection at older but not younger ages (at 2 years of age: incidence rate ratio [IRR] = 1.16; 95% confidence interval [95% CI], 0.62-2.19; P = .6; at 9 years of age: IRR = 0.50; 95% CI, 0.28-0.87; P = .01), suggesting an acquired mechanism of protection. Once parasitemic, children with HbAS were less likely to progress to symptomatic malaria, with protection again being the most pronounced at older ages (at 2 years of age: relative risk [RR] = 0.92; 95% CI, 0.77-1.10; P = .3; at 9 years of age: RR = 0.68; 95% CI, 0.51-0.91; P = .008). Conversely, the youngest children were best protected against high parasite density (at 2 years of age: relative density = 0.24; 95% CI, 0.10-0.54; P = .001; at 9 years of age: relative density = 0.59; 95% CI, 0.30-1.19; P = .14), suggesting an innate mechanism of protection against this end point.",
"For patients in septic shock, open-label use of esmolol vs standard care was associated with reductions in heart rates to achieve target levels, without increased adverse events. The observed improvement in mortality and other secondary clinical outcomes warrants further investigation.",
"Cervical spine tuberculosis is a rare infectious disease that is not yet discussed well regarding the optimal method of its management. This is a prospective study of a total of 29 patients with cervical spine tuberculosis with a mean follow-up of 14 months (range, 10-21); they were classified randomly into two groups: group I, patients who underwent anterior cervical decompression and fixation and followed by the anti-tuberculous medications (16 patients) and group II, patients who had conservative anti-tuberculous medications only without surgical intervention (13 patients). All patients had complete clinical assessments using Nurick scale and the modified Japanese Orthopaedic Association score for myelopathy and the visual analogue scale for assessment of cervical pain. We had also neuro-radiographic assessment (cervical spine X-ray and MRI) at the first presentation and at 3, 6, and 12 months later. At final follow-up, significant neurological improvement was demonstrated in both management approaches, more obvious in the surgical group. Cervical pain showed a statistically significant improvement (P < 0.05) in surgical group rather than in conservatively treated group. In the surgical group, the mean Cobb angle showed a significant change from a preoperative mean of -3.1 ± 1.6° to postoperative mean of 16.6 ± 5.4°, significantly correlated to the improvement of cervical pain (P = 0.004), while it was changed from a mean of -0.8 ± 2.2 to a mean of 9.2 ± 3.8 1 year after starting of medical treatment in group II. In spite of the conservative trend in the management of Pott's disease, surgical management of cervical spine myelopathy secondary to cervical tuberculosis could be the optimal treatment even in an early stage of the disease.",
"Both percutaneous tracheostomies and surgical tracheostomies can be safely performed at the bedside by experienced, skilled practitioners.",
"The pharmacokinetic properties of HF in patients with malaria are affected by several demographic variables as well as other relevant covariates. Apparent differences between the healthy volunteer and the patient data analysis results are not entirely due to differences in bioavailability. For the patient data analysis, the Bayesian method was preferred, as the fitting procedure was more stable, allowing random effects to be estimated for all four dispositional parameters.",
"In view of the fact that the World Health Organization has recommended the use of the mycobacteria growth indicator tube (MGIT) 960 system for the diagnosis of tuberculosis and that there is as yet no evidence regarding the clinical impact of its use in health care systems, we conducted a pragmatic clinical trial to evaluate the clinical performance and cost-effectiveness of the use of MGIT 960 at two health care facilities in the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, where the incidence of tuberculosis is high. Here, we summarize the methodology and preliminary results of the trial. (ISRCTN.org Identifier: ISRCTN79888843 [http://isrctn.org/]) In view of the fact that the World Health Organization has recommended the use of the mycobacteria growth indicator tube (MGIT) 960 system for the diagnosis of tuberculosis and that there is as yet no evidence regarding the clinical impact of its use in health care systems, we conducted a pragmatic clinical trial to evaluate the clinical performance and cost-effectiveness of the use of MGIT 960 at two health care facilities in the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, where the incidence of tuberculosis is high. Here, we summarize the methodology and preliminary results of the trial. (ISRCTN.org Identifier: ISRCTN79888843 [http://isrctn.org/]).",
"FIRM mapping revealed a median of 2 (interquartile range: 1 to 2) rotors or focal sources in 97.7% of patients during AF. During a median follow-up period of 890 days (interquartile range: 224 to 1,563 days), compared to FIRM-blinded therapy, patients receiving FIRM-guided ablation maintained higher freedom from AF after 1.2 ± 0.4 procedures (median 1; interquartile range: 1 to 1) (77.8% vs. 38.5%, p = 0.001) and a single procedure (p < 0.001) and higher freedom from all atrial arrhythmias (p = 0.003). Freedom from AF was higher when ablation directly or coincidentally passed through sources than when it missed sources (p < 0.001).",
"A total of 809 patients with a median baseline CD4+ T-cell count of 77 per cubic millimeter and an HIV-1 RNA level of 5.43 log(10) copies per milliliter were enrolled. In the earlier-ART group, 12.9% of patients had a new AIDS-defining illness or died by 48 weeks, as compared with 16.1% in the later-ART group (95% confidence interval [CI], -1.8 to 8.1; P=0.45). Among patients with screening CD4+ T-cell counts of less than 50 per cubic millimeter, 15.5% of patients in the earlier-ART group versus 26.6% in the later-ART group had a new AIDS-defining illness or died (95% CI, 1.5 to 20.5; P=0.02). Tuberculosis-associated immune reconstitution inflammatory syndrome was more common with earlier ART than with later ART (11% vs. 5%, P=0.002). The rate of viral suppression at 48 weeks was 74% and did not differ between the groups (P=0.38).",
"In this large, multi-institutional cohort of elderly patients, a decreasing trend in STEMI, an increasing trend in PCI utilization for STEMI, and reduction in in-hospital mortality were observed from 2001 to 2010.",
"Combined EBUS and ENB improves the diagnostic yield of flexible bronchoscopy in peripheral lung lesions without compromising safety.",
"Cervical internal carotid artery (cICA) occlusion is a recognized cause of acute ischemic stroke (AIS) in sickle cell disease (SCD), but the associated clinical and radiologic features are not well described. We reviewed data on cervical magnetic resonance angiography (cMRA) performed prospectively in 67 patients (55 children) for indications including transcranial Doppler (TCD) abnormalities, AIS, or previous AIS. cICA lesions were seen in 10 (15%) patients, including 4 of 7 patients presenting with AIS, and appear to have been missed on first presentation in 4 of 10 patients with previous AIS. Radiologic features in 7 patients were consistent with dissection. In 2 patients, there was strong clinical and radiologic evidence for thromboembolic AIS, and this was also considered possible in 4 other patients. Three of the 4 AIS patients were anticoagulated acutely, and the nontreated patient had recurrent, probably thromboembolic, AIS. TCD findings were variable, but in 4 patients there were high velocities in the cerebral vessels contralateral to the cICA stenosis. We suggest that all patients with AIS should have cMRA during acute evaluation to identify cICA occlusions that may require anticoagulation. Routine screening of children with SCD should also include evaluation of neck vessels by carotid Doppler followed by cMRA if a cervical vascular lesion is suspected.",
"Travoprost has similar effect as latanoprost in reducing the IOP in glaucoma patients with relatively low IOPs. The use of prostaglandin analogs can decrease the CCT, and this change should be considered when the IOPs obtained by GAT are analyzed.",
"The incidence of tuberculosis (TB) and its risk factors in China remains unclear. This study examined TB incidence and relative risk factors in rural areas of China. Participants (n = 177,529) were recruited in Xiangtan County (in the central area of China) and in Danyang County (in the eastern area of China) in 2009 and a followed-up study was conducted for one year. The incidence density of pulmonary TB and smear-positive TB were 91.6 (95% CI: 78.7, 106.0) per 100,000 person-year and 36.7 (95% CI: 33.1, 52.4) per 100,000 person-year respectively in Xiangtan, and 47.3 (95% CI: 38.2, 57.5) per 100,000 person-year and 22.7 (95% CI: 16.5, 30.8) per 100,000 person-year in Danyang. The medical history of TB was associated with TB, with the relative risk (RR) of 7.00 (95% CI: 2.76, 17.18) in Xiangtan and that of 31.08 (95% CI: 13.22, 73.10) in Danyang. The association between TB and per capita living space over median was found in Xiangtan, with the RR of 1.86 (95% CI: 1.15, 3.01). No association was found between TB and the insurance status, the contact history with TB, the history of diabetes, smoking, or per capita annual income. The host genetic susceptibility, and social factors such as education and income could be considered in future studies.",
"This study demonstrates that the specific treatment programme which was evolved from knowledge of pathogenetic mechanisms of migraine influences central information processing and leads to a clinical effect.",
"The purpose of the study was to investigate whether early high-dose potent statin therapy in patients with ST elevation myocardial infarction undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention can reduce infarct size compared with conventional low-dose statin therapy. In a randomized placebo-controlled multicenter trial, 185 patients were assigned either to an early high-dose rosuvastatin group (n = 92, rosuvastatin 40 mg before treatment plus maintenance for 7 days) or to a conventional low-dose rosuvastatin group (n = 93, placebo before treatment plus rosuvastatin 10-mg maintenance for 7 days). Serial cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) was performed during the acute (3 to 7 days) and chronic (3 months) phases. The primary end point was relative infarct volume assessed by MRI at 3 months. Baseline characteristics were similar between the 2 groups, except hypertension, which was more prevalent in the high-dose group. Serial MRI data were available for 121 patients (high-dose group n = 54 and low-dose group n = 67). The relative infarct volumes in the acute (23.0 ± 9.5% vs 20.5 ± 11.7%, p = 0.208) and chronic (15.9 ± 8.3% vs 15.8 ± 9.7%, p = 0.943) phases were not different between the groups. No differences between groups were observed for periprocedural microvascular circulation evaluated by Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction flow grade, myocardial blush grade, ST-segment resolution, microvascular obstruction on cardiac MRI, or clinical outcomes. In conclusion, early high-dose rosuvastatin therapy in patients with ST elevation myocardial infarction undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention did not improve periprocedural myocardial perfusion or reduce infarct volume measured by MRI compared with the conventional low-dose rosuvastatin regimen.",
"LADA patients treated with sitagliptin and insulin maintained β-cell function by comparison with insulin alone.",
"DNA testing has good clinical implications for the management of patients with MEN 2 and the timing and operative procedures of thyroidectomy can be modified according to the genotype.",
"Naproxen sodium, when used as a sole acute treatment early in attacks, appears to reduce the frequency of headache days and migraine attacks for a select number of subjects over a 3-month period. SumaRT/Nap is more effective at 2-hour headache reduction than naproxen sodium alone, but has less impact on reducing attack frequency or the number of headache days. Both treatments were well tolerated, and there was no convincing evidence that either medication led to MOH.",
"Specific obstacles to adherence with anti-glaucomatous therapy should be identified as early as possible after diagnosis. A tailored approach to patient care with initial education about the consequences of non-adherence and longer-term feedback about drop efficacy may improve patients' motivations for adherence. Future research should focus on investigating methods by which initial education about glaucoma and its management should best be delivered to patients.",
"Disease caused by M. tuberculosis RD(Rio) strains was not clinically distinctive or more severe than disease caused by non-RD(Rio) strains in this series of TB patients. Larger prospective studies specifically designed to disclose differential clinical characteristics of TB caused by specific M. tuberculosis lineages are needed.",
"Australia and New Zealand Clinical Trials Register (ANZCTR): ACTRN12610000035022.",
"Over 24 months, latanoprost/timolol FC effectively lowers IOP levels and is well tolerated in patients with glaucoma or ocular hypertension who change from their previous ocular hypotensive therapy for medical reasons. Investigator assessments found optic disc parameters and visual field to be stable throughout 24 months of follow-up.",
"Particular clinical diagnostic results, such as more than three TB foci in the lung, non-standard or irregular therapy, and adverse effects of anti-TB medication, were found to be associated with MDR-TB in previously treated TB patients. High quality directly observed treatment should be strengthened to ensure that the previously treated patients can receive standard and regular regimens.",
"Benchmark DIDO times for STEMI patients transferred for PPCI were rarely achieved. Interventions aimed at facilitating the transfer decision, particularly in cases of ECGs that are difficult to interpret, are likely to have the best impact on reducing delay to reperfusion.",
"The diabetes remission rate 2 years after surgery was 16.4% (95% CI, 11.7%-22.2%; 34/207) for control patients and 72.3% (95% CI, 66.9%-77.2%; 219/303) for bariatric surgery patients (odds ratio [OR], 13.3; 95% CI, 8.5-20.7; P < .001). At 15 years, the diabetes remission rates decreased to 6.5% (4/62) for control patients and to 30.4% (35/115) for bariatric surgery patients (OR, 6.3; 95% CI, 2.1-18.9; P < .001). With long-term follow-up, the cumulative incidence of microvascular complications was 41.8 per 1000 person-years (95% CI, 35.3-49.5) for control patients and 20.6 per 1000 person-years (95% CI, 17.0-24.9) in the surgery group (hazard ratio [HR], 0.44; 95% CI, 0.34-0.56; P < .001). Macrovascular complications were observed in 44.2 per 1000 person-years (95% CI, 37.5-52.1) in control patients and 31.7 per 1000 person-years (95% CI, 27.0-37.2) for the surgical group (HR, 0.68; 95% CI, 0.54-0.85; P = .001).",
"The introduction of drug eluting stents and resulting changes in coronary revascularisation strategies were not associated with changes in the one-year risk of major clinical endpoints (death or death/MI), but were associated with a significant reduction in the risk of MACE, driven entirely by a reduction in TVR after PCI. This real world study supports the effectiveness of drug eluting stents in reducing repeat procedures in the total CARP population without increasing the risk of death or MI.",
"In pediatric migraineurs, a weight-based dosing scheme generated plasma rizatriptan AUC((0-∞)) and C(max) values that were generally similar to those historically observed in adults administered a 10-mg dose of rizatriptan ODT (a proven effective dose). The data support further evaluation of the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of this rizatriptan dosing scheme in larger scale clinical trials in the pediatric migraineur population.",
"The tuberculosis treatment and care program, and the associated health education interventions enabled migrants to complete the treatment regimen and achieve treatment success. It could also help TB staff develop an appropriate program and clear understanding of TB control among migrants. It is recommended that this type of information and health education program be used in other hospitals and healthcare settings providing TB services for migrants throughout the nation.",
"We describe a new multistep procedure for CT fluoroscopy-guided core biopsy, which allows confirmation of the biopsy-sampling trough and the final needle tip position prior to sampling. Twelve lesions measuring < or =2 cm or in close proximity to vital structures were biopsied using commercially available biopsy systems. Diagnostic biopsies were obtained in all cases. Mean fluoroscopy time was 11.1 +/- 2.8 s per biopsy. This technique may have the potential to improve the accuracy and safety of CT-guided biopsy.",
"NO bioavailability and NO responsiveness are greater in women than in men with sickle cell disease and determines adhesion molecule expression. Endothelium-dependent blood flows are largely non-NO mediated in male patients. These results provide a possible mechanism for reported sex differences in sickle cell disease morbidity and mortality and provide a basis for novel pharmacological interventions.",
"In our sample, dorzolamide 2%/timolol 0.5% fixed combination as add-on therapy in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension under monotherapy with latanoprost with IOP already in mid-teens levels may further enhance pressure reduction.",
"The aim of this work was speciation analysis of metabolites in feces samples collected within a clinical study during which a bromine-containing anti-tuberculosis drug (TMC207) was administered to patients with multi-drug resistant tuberculosis infection. Owing to slow elimination of the drug, no (14)C label was used within this study. Quantification of the bromine species was accomplished using high performance liquid chromatography coupled to inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry (HPLC/ICP-MS) in combination with on-line isotope dilution (on-line ID), while structural elucidation of the species was performed using HPLC coupled to electrospray ionization-mass spectrometry. The ICP-MS-based method developed shows a good intra- and inter-day reproducibility (relative standard deviation = 3.5%, N = 9); the limit of detection (1.5 mg TMC207 L(-1)) is of the same order of magnitude as that for HPLC/radiodetection; the dynamic range of the method covers more than two orders of magnitude. Furthermore, the column recovery was demonstrated to be quantitative (recoveries between 90.6% and 99.5%). Based on the excellent figures of merit, the "cold" HPLC/ICP-MS approach could be deployed for the actual human in vivo metabolism study, such that exposure of the human volunteers to the (14)C radiolabel was avoided.",
"This hypothesis-generating pilot trial has found that TEE may be used for refinement of stroke risk in paroxysmal atrial fibrillation patients. A larger trial is needed to confirm these data. (ClinicalTrials.gov number NTC00224757).",
"Nederlands Trial Register NTR2089.",
"A randomised prospective study was conducted into 60 patients who had undergone thoracotomy for spontaneous pneumothorax or bronchial carcinoma. Pyrazolone was intramuscularly and intravenously injected for postoperative pain relief to some of these patients. Another group received morphine through an epidural catheter (TEA). Postoperative spirometric checks were made on the first, third, and fifth days from surgery. The degree of analgesia was measured by means of the Twycross method. The ventilation parameters recorded from patients with epidural morphine treatment were clearly better than those measured from patients who had received pyrazolone. The amount of pain relief reported by TEA patients were better than that recorded from the pyrazolone group.",
"Our data provide evidence that endogenous catecholamine excess in patients with pheochromocytoma can induce or aggravate insulin resistance both in patients with type 2 diabetes and patients with normal glucose tolerance.",
"Hyperoxia within the first 24 hours was not associated with increased hospital mortality in patients admitted to ICU following out-of-hospital ventricular fibrillation cardiac arrest.",
"Dabigatran is a direct thrombin inhibitor, does not require blood coagulation monitoring and limitation of vitamin K intake as well as very few drug interactions, and thus expected to be an oral anticoagulant alternative to warfarin. Randomized Evaluation of Long Term Anticoagulant Therapy (RE-LY) was conducted to determine non-inferiority of dabigatran against warfarin as an international multicenter-cooperative randomized trial in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation (NVAF). The results showed not only non-inferiority of dabigatran but also superiority of high-dose dabigatran in efficacy and of low-dose dabigatran in safety. In a sub-analysis of RE-LY in NVAF patients with history of stroke or TIA, who are at high risk of intracranial hemorrhage with anticoagulants, hemorrhagic stroke was much less frequent in patients on either dose of dabigatran than in those on warfarin. In a sub-analysis of RE-LY in Japanese patients with NVAF, the results showed a consistency of the efficacy and safety profiles of dabigatran with the results of the global RE-LY trial. Use of dabigatran should be contraindicated in NVAF patients with renal insufficiency because some cases with fatal bleeding have been reported in a post marketing survey.",
"In this study we assessed, by simultaneous recordings of visual evoked potentials (VEPs) and pattern-electroretinograms (PERGs), the effects cytidine-5'-diphosphocholine (citicoline) on retinal function and/or visual cortical responses in glaucoma patients. Thirty glaucoma patients were randomly divided into two age-matched groups: patients in group GC (15 patients) were treated with citicoline (1,000 mg/die intramuscularly) for 2 months; patients in group GP (15 patients) were treated with placebo for 2 months. After 4 months of wash-out (month 6), GC patients underwent a further 2-month period of citicoline treatment (months 7-8) followed by another 4-month period of wash-out (months 9-12). In GP patients the wash-out was extended for a further 6 months (months 7-12). During the following 13-96 months, GC patients received additional 2-month periods of treatment with citicoline (each period followed by 4 months of wash-out) for a total of 16 periods in 8 years. GP patients were also examined at months 24, 26, 48, 60, 72, 84 and 96. In GC patients the first two treatments with citicoline induced a significant (p <0.01) improvement of VEP and PERG parameters with respect to pre-treatment conditions. VEPs and PERGs recorded in GC patients after the first wash-out revealed that, although there was a worsening trend, the electrophysiological improvement was still maintained with respect to baseline conditions. The additional periods of citicoline treatment in GC patients during the subsequent 13-96 months induced a greater (p <0.01) improvement of VEP and PERG parameters with respect to pre-treatment conditions and when compared to GP patients. Thus, we observed that citicoline significantly improves retinal and cortical bioelectrical responses in glaucoma patients, suggesting a potential use of this substance in the medical treatment of glaucoma, as a complement to hypotensive therapy.",
"The available data support the evaluation of a drug combination in a larger population as a fixed-dose combination. Clinical Trials Registration. CTRI/2007/091/000031.",
"Chinese and South Asian patients with AMI and PCI or CABG had worse outcomes compared to their White counterparts. Further studies are needed to confirm these findings and investigate potential underlying causes.",
"During atrial fibrillation (AF), multiple wandering propagation wavelets at high rates drift around both atria under controversial hierarchical models. Antiarrhythmic drugs modify the cardiac ionic currents supporting the fibrillation process within the atria, and can alter AF propagation dynamics and even terminate the arrhythmia. However, some other drugs, theoretically nonantiarrhythmic, may slightly block particular cardiac ionic currents through uncertain mechanisms in such a subtle way at regular heart rates that may have been pharmacologically overlooked. These potential effects might be better exposed at much higher activation rates as in AF, where atrial cells depolarize over 400 times per second. In this review, we aimed to compile and discuss results from several studies evaluating the net effect of profound sedation with propofol on atrial cells and atrioventricular (AV) conduction. Propofol is a very commonly used anesthetic agent, and its possible effect on AF dynamics has systematically not been taken into account in the myriad of clinical studies dealing with AF intracardiac recordings. The possible effect of sedation with propofol on AF was evaluated through the analysis of AF propagation patterns before and after its infusion in a series of patients submitted to pulmonary vein ablation. Effect on AV conduction will be discussed as well.",
"Independently of the presence of SHD, the SSA of frequent PVC in patients with depressed LVEF induced a progressive clinical and functional improvement. Improvement in heart failure parameters was related to baseline PVC burden and persistence of ablation success.",
"Karolinska Clinical Trial Registration (http://www.kctr.se). Unique identifier: CT20080014.",
"Proprietary or commercial disclosure may be found after the references.",
"Despite a severe clinical presentation with a very high rate of ventricular arrhythmias, the arrhythmic prognosis of the ATS patients is relatively good under treatment.",
"The magnitude of IOP lowering in patients with POAG and OH with Xalatan and Latoprost is different. In our study, the IOP lowering with Xalatan was higher than that with Latoprost.",
"High levels of fetal hemoglobin (Hb F) protect from many of the complications of sickle cell disease and lead to improved survival. Butyrate and other short chain fatty acids were previously shown to increase Hb F production in erythroid cells in vitro and in animal models in vivo. However, butyrates are also known to inhibit the proliferation of many cell types, including erythroid cells. Experience with the use of butyrate in animal models and in early clinical trials demonstrated that the Hb F response may be lost after prolonged administration of high doses of butyrate. We hypothesized that this loss of response may be a result of the antiproliferative effects of butyrate. We designed a regimen consisting of intermittent or pulse therapy in which butyrate was administered for 4 days followed by 10 to 24 days with no drug exposure. This pulse regimen induced fetal globin gene expression in 9 of 11 patients. The mean Hb F in this group increased from 7.2% to 21.0% (P <.002) after intermittent butyrate therapy for a mean duration of 29.9 weeks. This was associated with a parallel increase in the number of F cells and F reticulocytes. The total hemoglobin levels also increased from a mean of 7.8 g/dL to a mean of 8.8 g/dL (P <.006). The increased levels of Hb F were sustained in all responders, including 1 patient who has been on pulse butyrate therapy for more than 28 months. This regimen, which resulted in a marked and sustained increase in Hb F levels in more than two thirds of the adult sickle cell patients enrolled in this study, was well tolerated without adverse side effects. These encouraging results require confirmation along with an appropriate evaluation of clinical outcomes in a larger number of patients with sickle cell disease.",
"The prevalence of AKI in our Institute is of 17%. Patients with AKIN 2 and 3 had a higher mortality and a longer stay in the intensive care unit. The major risk factors for AKI development were identified.",
"Variation in VKA monitoring is substantial implying clinical consequences. Guidelines seem either unknown or may be considered impracticable. Further efforts towards standardisation of VKA management are needed.",
"International Standard Randomised Controlled Trial Number Register ISRCTN43002091.",
"CAR is a novel modifier of ventricular conduction and arrhythmia vulnerability in the setting of myocardial ischemia. Genetic determinants of arrhythmia susceptibility (such as CAR) may constitute future targets for risk stratification of potentially lethal ventricular arrhythmias in patients with coronary artery disease.",
"Patient and household costs for TB care are potentially catastrophic even where services are provided free-of-charge. There is an urgent need to implement strategies for TB care that are affordable for the poor.",
"In the present report on the preliminary safety and effectiveness of radiofrequency (RF) ablation for pheochromocytoma metastases, seven metastases were treated in six patients (mean size, 3.4 cm; range, 2.2-6 cm). alpha- and beta-adrenergic and catecholamine synthesis inhibition and intraprocedural anesthesia monitoring were used. Safety was assessed by recording ablation-related complications. Complete ablation was defined as a lack of enhancement within the ablation zone on follow-up computed tomography. No serious adverse sequelae were observed. Complete ablation was achieved in six of seven metastases (mean follow-up, 12.3 months; range, 2.5-28 months). In conclusion, RF ablation may be safely performed for metastatic pheochromocytoma given careful attention to peri-procedural management.",
"The site and mode of AF termination during the index ablation procedure predict ATa recurrence following multiple catheter ablation procedures for PsAF.",
"Percutaneous biopsy remains an important tool to diagnose and manage spinal TB. The yield of transpedicular biopsies in this study was comparable with international figures. Specimen decontamination prior to culture had a direct negative influence on biopsy culture yield, as did prior TB treatment.",
"null",
"Glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) has insulin-like effects on myocardial glucose uptake which may contribute to its beneficial effects in the setting of myocardial ischemia. Whether these effects are different in the setting of obesity or type 2 diabetes (T2DM) requires investigation. We examined the cardiometabolic actions of GLP-1 (7-36) in lean and obese/T2DM humans, and in lean and obese Ossabaw swine. GLP-1 significantly augmented myocardial glucose uptake under resting conditions in lean humans, but this effect was impaired in T2DM. This observation was confirmed and extended in swine, where GLP-1 effects to augment myocardial glucose uptake during exercise were seen in lean but not in obese swine. GLP-1 did not increase myocardial oxygen consumption or blood flow in humans or in swine. Impaired myocardial responsiveness to GLP-1 in obesity was not associated with any apparent alterations in myocardial or coronary GLP1-R expression. No evidence for GLP-1-mediated activation of cAMP/PKA or AMPK signaling in lean or obese hearts was observed. GLP-1 treatment augmented p38-MAPK activity in lean, but not obese cardiac tissue. Taken together, these data provide novel evidence indicating that the cardiometabolic effects of GLP-1 are attenuated in obesity and T2DM, via mechanisms that may involve impaired p38-MAPK signaling.",
"The temporal coincidence suggests a possible link between T1DM and H1N1 virus, might be thought to be through direct cytopathic damage. Unfortunately we could only confirm H1N1 previous infection in only one case. Prospective studies in new T1DM cases are necessary to test this hypothesis.",
"A renewed connection to the mother's voice can be an important and significant experience for preterm infants. Exposure to maternal speech and singing shows significant early beneficial effects on physiological state, such as oxygen saturation levels, number of critical events and prevalence of calm alert state. These findings have implications for NICU interventions, encouraging maternal interaction with their medically stable preterm infants.",
"Patients with STEMI and proximal-LAD lesions treated with EES have better outcomes compared with BMS at 1 year. Although further investigations are required, it seems reasonable to consider EES for proximal-LAD STEMI-lesions.",
"An intravenous bolus injection and subsequent continuous infusion of NIF at a relatively low dosage were effective in treating severe ventricular tachyarrhythmias complicating ACS, reducing the potential risk of proarrhythmia.",
"The cumulative incidence of the primary end point was 48.4% in the malaria-vaccine group and 54.4% in the control group; efficacy against the primary end point was 17.4% (hazard ratio for the primary end point, 0.83; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.63 to 1.09; P=0.18). Efficacy against the first and subsequent episodes of clinical malaria, as defined on the basis of various parasite-density thresholds, was approximately 20%. Efficacy against clinical malaria caused by parasites with AMA1 corresponding to that of the vaccine strain was 64.3% (hazard ratio, 0.36; 95% CI, 0.08 to 0.86; P=0.03). Local reactions and fever after vaccination were more frequent with the malaria vaccine.",
"We conducted a multicenter, prospective, noncrossover, randomized study to determine whether high-frequency oscillatory ventilation (HFOV) would decrease the development or progression of air leak syndrome in infants with severe respiratory distress syndrome. Air leak syndrome was defined as pulmonary interstitial emphysema or gross air leak such as pneumothorax. Infants were eligible for study entry if they were less than 48 hours of age and had severe respiratory distress syndrome, defined by peak inspiratory pressure or the presence of air leak syndrome. Infants who weighed > or = 0.5 kg at birth were randomly assigned to receive either conventional ventilation (CV) or HFOV. HFOV was provided by a ventilator that operated at 15 Hz, with a 1:2 inspiratory/expiratory ratio and no background tidal breaths. Severity of pulmonary interstitial emphysema was scored independently by two neonatologists unaware of the infants' ventilatory group. Gross air leak severity was scored according to the number of chest tubes required and duration of air leak. Eighty-six infants received HFOV; 90 received CV. During the first 24 hours of the study, patients in the HFOV group received significantly higher mean airway pressure and lower inspired oxygen concentration, had significantly lower arterial carbon dioxide tension, and had a higher ratio of arterial to alveolar oxygen tension. When the HFOV and CV groups were compared with control for birth weight strata, study site, and inborn versus outborn status, HFOV significantly reduced the development of air leak syndrome in those patients who entered the study without the syndrome. We conclude that HFOV, when the strategy employed in this study is used, provides effective ventilation, improves oxygenation, and significantly reduces the development of air leak syndrome in infants with severe respiratory distress syndrome.",
"Controlled-Trials.com ISRCTN64793756.",
"Positioning the patient either decubitus biopsy-side-down or lying directly on the puncture site after lung biopsy does not appear to affect complication rates.",
"The possibility of corneal thickening under prolonged, local prostaglandin treatment should be investigated further. However, in clinical practice, CCT changes may sometimes influence intraocular pressure measurements significantly.",
"1. Ablation might not be suitable as a routine treatment for all patients with ICD interventions, as a significant group prefers not to undergo RF ablation as a routine treatment or there are contraindications for the ablation. 2. There are obstacles in prospective and randomised evaluation of the role of ablation in patients with CAD and ICD interventions, which are related both to patients' medical conditions and to patients' will. These limitations should be taken into account when designing further studies.",
"We conclude that pneumoperitoneum after bilobectomy is safe and easy to do. It decreases the incidence of air leaks and of pneumothoraces and shortens hospital stay without increasing morbidity. We recommend pneumoperitoneum after bilobectomy at the time of thoracotomy, especially if there are residual small air leaks that cannot be sealed before chest closure.",
"null",
"Peak RBT concentration was below the lower therapeutic limit (<0.3 μg/ml) in seven patients, while 10 patients had trough concentrations below the minimal inhibitory concentration against Mycobacterium tuberculosis (0.06 μg/ml), suggesting that the RBT dosage may be inadequate. Prospective studies in different settings are required to arrive at the proper therapeutic dose for RBT to be used during co-administration with RTV.",
"In 13.4 months of follow-up, safety endpoints were equivalent between groups. At 1 year, magnetic resonance imaging revealed that CDC-treated patients had smaller scar size compared with control patients. Scar mass decreased and viable mass increased in CDC-treated patients but not in control patients. The single patient infused 14 months post-MI responded similarly. CDC therapy led to improved regional function of infarcted segments compared with control patients. Scar shrinkage correlated with an increase in viability and with improvement in regional function. Scar reduction correlated with baseline scar size but not with a history of temporally remote MI or time from MI to infusion. The changes in left ventricular ejection fraction in CDC-treated subjects were consistent with the natural relationship between scar size and ejection fraction post-MI.",
"In the primary care setting, early intervention with almotriptan for treatment of migraine provides significant clinical benefits compared with delaying treatment and/or waiting until pain intensity has progressed beyond mild.",
"Similar to adults with IBS, the prevalence of abnormal LBT suggesting SIBO in children with CAP is high; however, treatment with 10 days of rifaximin has low efficacy in normalizing LBT in this group. Additional studies are needed to determine whether a treatment approach with higher efficacy would lead to improvement in children with CAP.",
"We found a significant advantage to the administration of the initial dose of surfactant as prophylaxis rather than as rescue therapy in very premature infants.",
"LF is common in severe aortic stenosis and independently predicts mortality. Survival is improved with TAVR compared with medical management and similar with TAVR and surgical aortic valve replacement. A measure of flow (stroke volume index) should be included in the evaluation and therapeutic decision making of patients with severe aortic stenosis.",
"Ranolazine is a relatively novel antiischemic/antianginal compound with antiarrhythmic properties. We investigated its ability to shorten the time to conversion of postoperative atrial fibrillation (POAF) when added to amiodarone after coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery. In this prospective, randomized, allocation-concealed, single-blind, single-site clinical trial, we enrolled consecutive eligible patients who developed POAF after elective on-pump CABG surgery. Participants were randomized to receive either ranolazine 375 mg twice daily orally plus intravenous amiodarone (active group) or intravenous amiodarone alone (control group). We enrolled 41 patients; 20 in the active and 21 in the control group. There were no significant differences between the groups in terms of age, procedural duration, extracorporeal circulation time, and aortic cross-clamp time. Mean time of conversion was significantly shorter in the active group (19.9 ± 3.2 vs 37.2 ± 3.9 hours, P < .001), suggesting that compared to amiodarone alone, the ranolazine-amiodarone combination had a superior antiarrhythmic effect against POAF.",
"This chapter provides a set of indicators on incident patients starting renal replacement therapy (RRT) in France between the 1st of January 2011 and the 31(st) of December 2011. Even if End-Stage Renal Disease can be found in all classes of ages, elders provide the majority of new patients (median age at RRT start: 71 years old). Those patients present a high rate of disabilities especially diabetes (41% of the new patients) and cardiovascular disabilities (>50% of the new patients) that increase with age. Considering treatment and follow-up, the first treatment remains center's hemodialysis and we do not notice any progression of self-dialysis. RRT started in emergency in 33% of the patients. This finding contrasts with the fact that 56% of patients started hemodialysis on a catheter. This, together with the major interregion variability, suggests that different strategies of management exist. Finally, the hemoglobin level at RRT start seems to be an interesting indicator of good management and follow-up since 13% of patients presenting an underprovided follow-up have a hemoglobin level under 10g/dL, whereas only 2.5% of patients with an appropriate follow-up presented such a condition.",
"The present observational study is the first to compare the new Trifecta valve with well-established supra-annular aortic valve bioprostheses from a hemodynamic perspective. Although mean pressure gradients and aortic valve areas seem to be advantageous at 6-month follow-up with the new Trifecta valve, after multivariate covariance analysis, no influence of prosthesis type on mean pressure gradient or aortic valve area could be demonstrated.",
"ISRCTN21676269.",
"IV prochlorperazine with diphenhydramine is superior to subcutaneous sumatriptan in the treatment of migraine.",
"Based on the subgroup of patients with lone AF, PVI leads to a significant LAVR 4 months after the procedure, especially in patients with clinical success in terms of AF freedom. Comorbidities such as arterial hypertension may prevent this reverse atrial remodelling, despite AF freedom. Clinical implications need to be further elucidated.",
"Eight (66.7%) participating laboratories met the set requirement criteria; however, DST in four (33.3%) laboratories requires greater attention. Of the four drugs tested, the results for KM were lower than those for the other drugs. External quality assessment can lead to effective evaluation of laboratory performance in SL DST.",
"Eight subjects with sickle-cell disease in the symptom-free steady-state received a single one-hour infusion of the new anti-sickling agent BW12C on a total of eleven occasions. A dose-dependent increase in wholeblood oxygen affinity was observed, resulting from the action of BW12C in stabilising the oxy-conformation of haemoglobin and causing a left shift of the oxygen saturation curve. At the highest dose given (20 mg/kg bodyweight), up to 23% of haemoglobin was modified to a BW12C-reacted high-affinity form without evidence of tissue hypoxia. There was biochemical and rheological evidence for a transient decrease in haemolytic rate.",
"There was little difference in the influence on postoperative cardiac function between semi-rigid rings and flexible rings or bands.",
"There is no pharmacodynamic benefit of increasing the daily dose of AS (4 mg/kg) currently recommended for short-course combination treatment of uncomplicated malaria, even in regions with emerging artemisinin resistance, as long as the partner drug retains high efficacy.",
"The median parasite clearance time was 12 hours in each cohort (interquartile range, 8 to 16 hours in patients with P. vivax malaria and 10 to 16 hours in those with P. falciparum malaria). The median half-lives for parasite clearance were 0.95 hours (range, 0.68 to 2.01; interquartile range, 0.85 to 1.14) in the patients with P. vivax malaria and 0.90 hours (range, 0.68 to 1.64; interquartile range, 0.78 to 1.07) in those with P. falciparum malaria. By comparison, only 19 of 5076 patients with P. falciparum malaria (<1%) who were treated with oral artesunate in Southeast Asia had a parasite clearance half-life of less than 1 hour. Adverse events were reported in 14 patients (67%), with nausea being the most common. The adverse events were generally mild and did not lead to any discontinuations of the drug. The mean terminal half-life for the elimination of KAE609 was 20.8 hours (range, 11.3 to 37.6), supporting a once-daily oral dosing regimen.",
"The results, obtained in patients refractory to other preventatives and particularly to topiramate, suggest that zonisamide can be useful in the prevention of chronic migraine. Of course, controlled clinical trials are necessary to confirm these preliminary results.",
"Smoking light cigarettes has similar acute detrimental effects on FMD, LVDF, ASI, AoD, and AoEM as regular cigarettes.",
"The MUSICA-2 will attempt to determine the most effective and safe treatment in patients with nonvalvular AF and CHADS2 score ≤2 after PCI-S. Restricting TT for AF patients at high risk for stroke may reduce the incidence of bleeding without increasing the risk of thromboembolic complications.",
"null",
"The risk of all major birth defects following first-trimester exposure to sumatriptan was 4.6% (95% CI 2.9-7.2%). This coupled with a consistent failure of additional epidemiological studies to observe a signal for major teratogenicity gives a level of reassurance concerning the safety of sumatriptan in pregnancy. There are too few data on naratriptan to draw definitive conclusions, and the sample size for sumatriptan remains too small to detect any but very large increases in specific birth defects.",
"null",
"Patient education is especially useful for new patients with glaucoma. The use of a drop guider does not improve adherence. Especially patients with 'drug holidays' are at risk for developing uncontrolled IOP levels.",
"Initiation of statins after AMI was not associated with worsening depression.",
"The 15-J ULV test with 3 coupling intervals could correctly identify high-DFT patients and reduce the necessity for VF induction at defibrillator implantation. ",
"The results indicate that the smoking cessation program including telephone counseling and text messaging using stages of change is effective for outpatients after a MI. Further attention should be paid to the intensity of the smoking cessation program and periods for long-term follow-up.",
"This trial provides data supporting an early CCTA strategy as an attractive option in women presenting to the ED with symptoms suggestive of acute coronary syndrome. The findings may be explained by lower CAD prevalence and severity in women than men.",
"Differences in TxA2 production, in the absence of platelet COX-1 activity, between those with vs. without atherothrombotic MI were not observed when TxA2 generation was assessed on 11-dehydro-TxB2 production alone (polyclonal ELISA or LC-MS/MS), but differences were observed when TxA2 generation was assessed using 11-dehydro-TxB2 plus 11-dehydro-2,3-dinor-TxB2 (monoclonal ELISA). These findings highlight important differences between different commercially available assays for TxA2 generation and suggest that 11-dehydro-2,3-dinor-TxB2 may be critical to the biology of atherothrombosis.",
"NPVDS is an effective surgical modality for patients with glaucoma. The safety of NPVDS is comparable to that of NPDS.",
"More robust collateral grade was associated with better recanalization, reperfusion, and subsequent better clinical outcomes. These data, from the largest endovascular trial to date, suggest that collaterals are an important consideration in future trial design.",
"The aim of this 6-month, prospective, multicenter study of 398 children and adolescents with primary headaches was to collect data on headache treatment in neuropediatric departments. Treatments were compared before and after consultation. Prior to consultation, the acute treatments that had been prescribed most frequently were paracetamol (82.2% of children) and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs treatment (53.5%); 10.3% had received a prophylactic treatment. No differences in either acute or prophylactic treatment with respect to headache diagnosis were observed. After the neuropediatric consultation, paracetamol was replaced by a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug in about three-quarters of cases and by triptan in about one-quarter of cases. The number of children prescribed a prophylactic treatment nearly doubled, whereas there was a 5-fold and 23-fold increase in psychotherapy and relaxation training, respectively, between pre-referral and referral. We conclude that specific treatments were underused for primary headache.",
"Our data suggest that azithromycin-artesunate is an efficacious and well-tolerated treatment for patients with uncomplicated falciparum malaria in Bangladesh.",
"ISRCTN02893746.",
"Baseline TnI levels and change at 1 year are independent predictors of CHD death and MI. TnI levels are strong predictors of risk, and change modifies risk.",
"This study showed that intra- and inter-atrial electromechanical intervals were prolonged and diastolic function was impaired in both overt and subclinical hyperthyroidism. TSH level and mitral Em /Am ratio were found as independent predictors of atrial EMD.",
"Thirty-five percent of patients with Brugada ECG showed vasovagal responses during the HUT test, suggesting that some Brugada patients have impaired balance of autonomic nervous system, which may relate to their syncopal episodes.",
"According to the results obtained, ONS appears to be a safe and effective treatment for  carefully selected CM and MOH patients.",
"Much of our knowledge about the characteristics, clinical management, and postdischarge outcomes of acute myocardial infarction (AMI) is derived from clinical studies in middle-aged and older subjects with little contemporary information available about the descriptive epidemiology of AMI in relatively young men and women. The objectives of our population-based study were to describe >3-decade-long trends in the clinical features, treatment practices, and long-term outcomes of young adults aged 35 to 54 years discharged from the hospital after AMI. The study population consisted of 2,142 residents of the Worcester (Massachusetts) metropolitan area who were hospitalized with AMI at all central Massachusetts medical centers during 16 annual periods from 1975 to 2007. Our primarily male study population had an average age of 47 years. Patients hospitalized during the most recent decade (1997 to 2007) under study were more likely to have a history of hypertension and heart failure than those hospitalized during earlier study years. Patients were less likely to have developed heart failure or stroke during their hospitalization in the most recent compared with the initial decade under study (heart failure 13.7% and stroke 0.7% vs 20.9% and 2.0%, respectively). One- and 2-year postdischarge death rates also decreased significantly between 1975 to 1986 (6.2% and 9.0%, respectively) and 1988 to 1995 (2.6% and 4.9%). These trends were concomitant with the increasing use of effective cardiac therapies and coronary interventions during hospitalization. The present results provide insights into the changing characteristics, management, and improving long-term outcomes of relatively young patients hospitalized with AMI.",
"Though RNFL thickness was increased significantly 6 weeks after PRP with red and green laser in comparison to baseline, there was no significant difference in RNFL thickness between red and green laser groups.",
"Hydroxyurea therapy can ameliorate the clinical course of sickle cell anemia in some adults with three or more painful crises per year. Maximal tolerated doses of hydroxyurea may not be necessary to achieve a therapeutic effect. The beneficial effects of hydroxyurea do not become manifest for several months, and its use must be carefully monitored. The long-term safety of hydroxyurea in patients with sickle cell anemia is uncertain.",
"Volunteer CHWs in rural Zambia are capable of providing integrated management of malaria and pneumonia to children safely and at high quality.",
"Our results confirm that the development of IVH is associated with early sepsis and failure to give antenatal steroid treatment. We propose that fertility treatment (and especially IVF) may be a new risk factor, and more research is needed to assess its role.",
"The mechanisms responsible for the remarkable remission of type 2 diabetes after Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (RYGBP) are still puzzling. To elucidate the role of the gut, we compared β-cell function assessed during an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT) and an isoglycemic intravenous glucose clamp (iso-IVGC) in: 1) 16 severely obese patients with type 2 diabetes, up to 3 years post-RYGBP; 2) 11 severely obese normal glucose-tolerant control subjects; and 3) 7 lean control subjects. Diabetes remission was observed after RYGBP. β-Cell function during the OGTT, significantly blunted prior to RYGBP, normalized to levels of both control groups after RYGBP. In contrast, during the iso-IVGC, β-cell function improved minimally and remained significantly impaired compared with lean control subjects up to 3 years post-RYGBP. Presurgery, β-cell function, weight loss, and glucagon-like peptide 1 response were all predictors of postsurgery β-cell function, although weight loss appeared to be the strongest predictor. These data show that β-cell dysfunction persists after RYGBP, even in patients in clinical diabetes remission. This impairment can be rescued by oral glucose stimulation, suggesting that RYGBP leads to an important gastrointestinal effect, critical for improved β-cell function after surgery.",
"Migraine postdrome is debilitating for those who experience it. Concept elicitation and cognitive debriefing research support the relevance of the items in the post-migraine questionnaire. Future research will provide evidence of the post-migraine questionnaire's psychometric properties and interpretation guidelines.",
"Among hospitalized diabetic patients, socioeconomic factors such as lower education attainment, rural residence and lack of full insurance are associated with avoidable hospitalizations or worse indicators of health. Although we cannot definitively rule out selection bias, these findings are consistent with health disparities observable even at the inpatient level. Future studies should study the underlying mechanism by which traditionally vulnerable groups are more likely to be hospitalized for avoidable causes and with greater severity of illness.",
"OSD is prevalent among medically treated patients with glaucoma. The severity of OSD symptoms is positively correlated to the number of IOP-lowering medications used.",
"null",
"RV hypertrophy, ventricular dysfunction and atrial tachyarrhythmias are predictive of death and sustained VT in adults with repaired TOF. These findings may inform risk stratification and the design of future therapeutic trials.",
"Anemia, a common comorbidity in older adults with heart failure and a preserved ejection fraction (HFPEF), is associated with worse outcomes. The authors quantified the effect of anemia treatment on left ventricular (LV) structure and function as measured by cardiac magnetic resonance (CMR) imaging. A prospective, randomized single-blind clinical trial (NCT NCT00286182) comparing the safety and efficacy of epoetin alfa vs placebo for 24 weeks in which a subgroup (n=22) had cardiac magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) at baseline and after 3 and 6 months to evaluate changes in cardiac structure and function. Pressure volume (PV) indices were derived from MRI measures of ventricular volume coupled with sphygmomanometer-measured pressure and Doppler estimates of filling pressure. The end-systolic and end-diastolic PV relations and the area between them as a function of end-diastolic pressure, the isovolumic PV area (PVAiso), were calculated. Patients (75±10 years, 64% women) with HFPEF (EF=63%±15%) with an average hemoglobin of 10.3±1.1 gm/dL were treated with epoetin alfa using a dose-adjusted algorithm that increased hemoglobin compared with placebo (P<.0001). As compared with baseline, there were no significant changes in end-diastolic (-7±8 mL vs -3±8 mL, P=.81) or end-systolic (-0.4±2 mL vs -0.7±5 mL, P=.96) volumes at 6-month follow-up between epoetin alfa compared with placebo. LV function as measured based on EF (-1.5%±1.6% vs -2.6%±3.3%, P=.91) and pressure volume indices (PVAiso-EDP at 30 mm Hg, -5071±4308 vs -1662±4140, P=.58) did not differ between epoetin alfa and placebo. Administration of epoetin alfa to older adult patients with HFPEF resulted in a significant increase in hemoglobin, without evident change in LV structure, function, or pressure volume relationships as measured quantitatively using CMR imaging.",
"Two hundred and twenty-two patients with AF and 1 or more additional risk factors for stroke were randomized (1:1:1) to double-blind apixaban 2.5 or 5mg b.i.d. or open-label warfarin (target international normalized ratio 2.0-3.0; 2.0-2.6 if age ≥ 70 years) for 12 weeks. The primary endpoint occurred in 1 patient (1.4%) in each apixaban group and 4 (5.3%) warfarin patients. There were no strokes, systemic emboli, myocardial infarctions, or deaths in either apixaban group. The warfarin group had 2 ischemic strokes and 1 subarachnoid hemorrhage, but there were no deaths. Major and CRNM bleeds each occurred with higher frequency in the warfarin group vs. either apixaban group. Most adverse events were mild or moderate. No patients had hepatic aminotransferase elevations greater than 3 times the upper limit of normal.",
"Despite declining recurrence rates in this relatively young stroke population, almost one third are either dead or have experienced a second stroke in 5 years.",
"ChiCTR-TRC-12002546.",
"Botulinum toxin type A was as effective as amitriptyline for the prophylactic treatment of chronic daily migraines.",
"Sitagliptin for the treatment of NAFLD with type2 DM was safe and showed similar antidiabetic effects as reported for type 2 DM, suggesting that tight glycemic control would contribute to the improvement of NAFLD based from the findings of correlation between the changes of HbA1c and transaminases.",
"Reversal rate and check-size differences do not seem to explain the discrepant visual evoked potential habituation results in the migraine literature. Furthermore, no differences in first block amplitudes or N70, P100, and N145 latencies between healthy controls and migraineurs were found. We recommend blinded evaluation designs in future habituation studies in migraine.",
"Elevated hs-cTnT levels provide strong and independent prognostic information in older patients with chronic ischemic HF.",
"These results suggest that travoprost-timolol fixed combination reduces IOP and produces low toxicity on the ocular surface.",
"This study confirms the impact of migraine in terms of disability and in terms of loss of labour output, together with its association with personality factors.",
"Nilvadipine (2 mg twice daily) slightly slowed the visual field progression and maintained the optic disc rim, and the posterior choroidal circulation increased over 3 years in patients with OAG with low-normal IOP.",
"A complementary approach of a computerized assessment and physician review was used in the CEC effort of the APEX-AMI trial. The algorithm categorized approximately one third of suspected CHF/cardiogenic shock events. The APEX-AMI CEC experience shows that an algorithmic approach may be a useful strategy for end point evaluation but requires validation.",
"AF is the most common cause of inappropriate shocks in ICD patients. Continuous remote monitoring of VR during AF would promptly and efficiently predict AF-related inappropriate shocks.",
"The travoprost dosing aid was perceived to be effective in reminding this group of patients to take their medication as prescribed. In this study, the device was well accepted by both patients and physicians.",
"We analyzed the Nationwide Inpatient Sample database from 2002 to 2010 to examine the temporal trends in incidence of acute kidney injury (AKI), AKI requiring dialysis, and associated in-hospital mortality in patients ≥75 years of age hospitalized with acute myocardial infarction and undergoing early (within 24 hours) percutaneous coronary intervention. Of 2,225,707 patients ≥75 years of age with acute myocardial infarction, 233,508 (10.5%) underwent early percutaneous coronary intervention, of which 21,961 (9.4%) developed AKI and 1,257 (0.54%) developed AKI requiring dialysis. From 2002 to 2010, the incidence of AKI increased from 5.6% to 14.2% (p for trend <0.001) and that for AKI requiring dialysis decreased (0.6% to 0.4%; p for trend 0.018). Compared with 2002, multivariable-adjusted odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals for AKI, AKI requiring dialysis, and in-hospital mortality in 2010 were 1.87 (1.71 to 2.05), 0.20 (0.15 to 0.27) and 0.74 (0.60 to 0.90), respectively. In conclusion, among hospitalized adults ≥75 years of age, from 2002 to 2010, there was an increase in AKI, but there was paradoxical decrease in AKI requiring dialysis and in-hospital mortality, potentially reflecting increased health-care provider awareness resulting in early recognition and implementation of renal-protective strategies and diagnosis-related group creep.",
"We observed similar patterns and challenges of TB-related costs for patients across the three countries. We advocate for global, united action for TB patients to be included under social protection schemes and for national TB programmes to improve equitable access to care.",
"Provoking delayed migraine with nitroglycerin in migraine sufferers is a cumbersome model. Patients are difficult to recruit, migraine comes on late and variably and only 50-80% of patients develop an attack. A model using normal volunteers would be much more useful, but it should be validated by testing the response to drugs of known efficacy in acute migraine. Furthermore, treatment during headache rather than pretreatment is the most naturalist method. To fulfil these requirements we used continuous long-lasting infusion of glyceryl trinitrate (GTN) 0.2 microg kg-1 min-1 for 140 min and gave aspirin 1000 mg, zolmitriptan 5 mg or placebo to normal healthy volunteers. The design was double-blind, placebo-controlled three-way crossover. Our hypothesis was that these drugs would be effective in the treatment of the mild constant headache induced by long-lasting GTN infusion. The headaches did not fulfil the International Headache Society diagnostic criteria for migraine without aura. Moreover, there was no effect on headache of either zolmitriptan or aspirin. Thus our hypothesis was disproved and we conclude that our model is not valid for the testing of new acute antimigraine drugs. Our experiment suggests that headache caused by direct nitric oxide (NO) action in the continued presence of NO is very resistance to analgesics and to specific acute migraine treatments. This suggests that NO works very deep in the cascade of events associated with vascular headache, whereas tested drugs work higher in the cascade. The model suggested here should therefore be tested with other headache/migraine-provoking agents that supposedly work higher in the cascade of events. The need for human models persists, but the solution to this problem is still pending.",
"The aim of this study was to evaluate the safety of glycoprotein IIb/IIIa inhibitors (GPIs) during percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) in patients on chronic warfarin therapy due to atrial fibrillation (AF). We analysed all consecutive AF patients (N = 377, mean age 70 years, male 71%) on warfarin therapy referred for PCI in seven centres. Major bleeding, access site complications and major adverse cardiovascular events were recorded during hospitalisation. A total of 111 patients (29%) received periprocedural GPIs with a wide inter-hospital variation in their use (range 3-68%). The use of GPIs increased with the severity of the disease presentation and 49% of patients with ST-elevation myocardial infarction received GPIs. Mean periprocedural international normalised ratio (INR) of patients who received GPIs was 1.89 (range 1.1-3.3). Major bleeding was more common in the patients treated with GPIs (9.0% vs. 1.5%, p = 0.001) than in those without GPIs, but there was no difference in major adverse cardiovascular events between the groups. In multivariable analysis, use of GPIs (odds ratio [OR] 5.1, 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.3-20.6, p = 0.02) and old age (OR 1.2, 95% CI 1.0-1.3, p= 0.02) remained as the only independent predictors of major bleeding. Also after adjusting for propensity score, GPIs remained as a significant predictor of major bleeding (OR 3.8, 95% CI 1.03-14.1, p = 0.045). In the GPI group, major bleeding was not predicted by INR level or warfarin pause. GPIs increase the risk of major bleeding events irrespective of periprocedural INR levels and should be used with caution in this fragile patient group.",
"VNS could have beneficial effects for patients with migraine, especially in cases that are difficult to control. Due to the type of study, these conclusions must be taken with caution. Prospective clinical studies are needed before introducing the technique into daily clinical practice.",
"Although absolute risk modeling using established risk factors may help to identify a group of individuals at higher than average risk of pancreatic cancer, the immediate clinical utility of our model is limited. However, a risk model can increase awareness of the various risk factors for pancreatic cancer, including modifiable behaviors.",
"This analysis identifies diabetes and heart failure or left ventricular dysfunction as potential risk factors for bleeding in AF beyond those previously recognized. Of the contemporary bleeding risk stratification schemas, the new HAS-BLED scheme offers useful predictive capacity for bleeding over previously published schemas and may be simpler to apply.",
"International Development Research Centre.",
"null",
"Tafluprost was well tolerated and effective in lowering IOP. These data support further testing of tafluprost 0.0025% and 0.005%.",
"Recently new technologies of diagnostics and correction of carbohydrates metabolism disturbances are introduced in the ICU to improve the safety for patients during intensive care. 33 patients after pancreas surgery were included into the study 13 patients (39%) had underlying diabetes mellitus. Glucose level changes in the interstitial liquid of the subcutaneous fat during postoperative period were monitored by system of CGM Medtronic MiniMed Guardian RT, MiniMed Paradigm Real-time. Valid values of glucose were from 4.1 to 10.1 mmol/L. Episodes of glucose level increasing occurred in 94% of patients in postoperative period after pancreas surgery. Average level of glucose was within the limits of valid values. However in 64% of cases patients needed insulin therapy Used systems of continuous glucose monitoring in the ICU allow improving the safety for patients receiving artificial nutrition and intravenous insulin therapy.",
"The prospective single-blind placebo-controlled randomized trial is devoted to influence of mexidol (2-ethil-6-methil-3-hydroxipiridine succinate) on dynamics of optic nerve electrophysiologic profile and velocity indices of blood flow in ocular and orbital arteries in correlation with changes of retinal photosensitivity, visual acuity and visual field size during course of intravenous mexidol infusions and standard treatment of primary open-angle glaucoma. 2 weeks of intravenous infusions of 300 mg mexidol daily was found to cause depression of optic nerve electrical sensitivity threshold and widening of total visual field (16 mm2 test stimulus) after 14 days of treatment. These effects were not associated with changes of blood flow velocity in ocular and orbital arteries, were transient and came to initial indices 3 months after the end of treatment. Delayed vasotropic effect of mexidol manifested in increase of blood flow velocity in central retinal artery in 90 days after the end of infusions.",
"PDRN facilitates the healing of Wagner 1 or 2 diabetic foot ulcers.",
"EF is valuable in defining presence and severity of LV dysfunction in organic mitral regurgitation. Patients with EF <45% have severe LV dysfunction, catastrophic outcome under medical management, and should not be denied surgery. Although there is no survival gain with EF ranges >60%, with EF dropping <60%, mortality increases precipitously and prompt surgical referral is critical to outcome.",
"Children with confirmed and probable TB and contacts were more likely to have TST+ (78.6%, 59.3% and 54.1%, respectively) than children with unlikely TB (28.7%) and controls (12.8%) (p<0.001). Children with confirmed TB (59.3%) and contacts (44.7%) were more likely to have INFγ+ than children with probable (37.6%) or unlikely TB (28.1%) and controls (13.1%) (p<0.001). IP10 concentrations were higher in INFγ+ children independently of TST (p<0.001). There was no difference between IP10 concentrations of children with confirmed TB and contacts (p = 0.8) and children with and without HIV (p>0.1). INFγ and IP10 can identify children with TB infection and disease, but cannot differentiate between the two conditions. HIV status did not affect the expression of IP10.",
"Occurrence of amiodarone-induced hypothyroidism during amiodarone therapy and long duration of therapy may be cautionary markers of late AIT.",
"The beneficial effects of prednisone in TB-IRIS appear to be mediated via suppression of predominantly proinflammatory cytokine responses of innate immune origin, not via a reduction of the numbers of antigen-specific T cells in peripheral blood.",
"Nutritional supplements in patients are a potentially feasible, low-cost intervention, which could impact patients with TB and TB-HIV. The public health importance of these diseases in resource-limited settings suggests the need for large, multi-centre randomized control trials on nutritional supplementation.",
"A total of 1442 patients were enrolled in the study. Atrial fibrillation recurred in 371 of the 722 patients (51.4%) in the valsartan group, as compared with 375 of 720 (52.1%) in the placebo group (adjusted hazard ratio, 0.97; 96% confidence interval [CI], 0.83 to 1.14; P=0.73). More than one episode of atrial fibrillation occurred in 194 of 722 patients (26.9%) in the valsartan group and in 201 of 720 (27.9%) in the placebo group (adjusted odds ratio, 0.89; 99% CI, 0.64 to 1.23; P=0.34). The results were similar in all predefined subgroups of patients, including those who were not receiving angiotensin-converting-enzyme inhibitors.",
"The renin-angiotensin system plays an important role in the regulation of blood pressure via angiotensin II and the angiotensin II receptor type 1 (AT1R). Human AT1R gene promoter has four SNPs: T/A at -777, T/G at -680, A/C at -214, and A/G at -119, that are in linkage disequilibrium. Variants -777T, -680T, -214A, and -119A almost always occur together (named haplotype I), and variants -777A, -680G, -214C, and -119G almost always occur together (named haplotype II) in Caucasian subjects. Genomic DNA analyses, from 388 normotensive and 374 hypertensive subjects, link haplotype I of the human AT1R (hAT1R) gene with hypertension in Caucasians (p = 0.004, χ(2) = 8.46). Our results show increased basal promoter activity of the hAT1R gene in cells (H295R and A7r5) transfected with reporter construct containing haplotype I. We also show increased binding of the transcription factor, USF2, to oligonucleotide containing nucleoside -214A as opposed to -214C. Recombineering of a 166-kb bacterial artificial chromosome containing 68 kb of the 5'-flanking region, 45 kb of the coding sequence, and 53 kb of the 3'-flanking region of the hAT1R gene was employed to generate transgenic mice with either haplotype. We show that (a) hAT1R mRNA level is increased in the kidney and heart of transgenic mice containing haplotype I as compared with haplotype II; (b) USF2 binds more strongly to the chromatin obtained from the kidney of transgenic mice containing haplotype I as compared with haplotype II; and (c) blood pressure and oxidative stress are increased in transgenic mice containing haplotype I as compared with haplotype II.",
"Both dorzolamide and carteolol reduce IOP additively when used in combination with latanoprost, and the additive effect of these drugs is equal.",
"L-dopa therapy can result in production of false positives for urinary excretion of dopamine, homovanillic acid, free normetadrenaline or free metadrenaline and thereby decrease the diagnostic value of these measurements in identifying phaeochromocytoma and related tumours.",
"Hypertension is a well-known risk factor for atherosclerosis. However, data on the impact of hypertension in patients with ST elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) are inconsistent and mainly related to studies performed in the thrombolytic era, with very few data on patients undergoing primary angioplasty. The aim of the present study was to evaluate the impact of hypertension on distal embolization, myocardial perfusion, and mortality in patients with STEMI undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention. Our population is represented by 1,662 patients undergoing primary angioplasty for STEMI included in the Early Glycoprotein IIb-IIIa inhibitors in Primary angioplasty database. Myocardial perfusion was evaluated by myocardial blush grade and ST segment resolution. Follow-up data were collected within 1 year after primary angioplasty. Hypertension was observed in 700 patients (42.1%). Hypertension was associated with more advanced age (p <0.001), female gender (p <0.001), diabetes (p <0.001), hypercholesterolemia (p <0.001), previous revascularization (p <0.001), anterior myocardial infarction (p = 0.006), longer ischemia time (p = 0.03), more extensive coronary artery disease (p = 0.002), more often treated with abciximab (p <0.001), and less often smokers (p <0.001). Hypertension was associated with impaired postprocedural myocardial blush grade 2 to 3 (68.2% vs 74.2%, p = 0.019) and complete ST segment resolution (51.7% vs 61.1%, p = 0.001). By a mean follow-up of 206 ± 158 days, 70 patients (4.3%) had died. Hypertension was associated with a greater mortality (6.2% vs 2.9%, hazard ratio 2.31, 95% confidence interval 1.42 to 3.73, p <0.001), confirmed after correction for baseline confounding factors (hazard ratio 1.82, 95% confidence interval 1.03 to 3.22, p <0.001). In conclusion, this study showed that among patients with STEMI undergoing primary angioplasty, hypertension is associated with impaired reperfusion and independently predicts 1-year mortality.",
"L-Arginine may be a conditionally essential amino acid in children and adolescents with sickle cell disease, particularly as required substrate in the arginine-nitric oxide pathway for endogenous nitrovasodilation and vasoprotection. Vasoprotection by arginine is mediated partly by nitric oxide-induced inhibition of endothelial damage and inhibition of adhesion and activation of leukocytes. Activated leukocytes may trigger many of the complications, including vasoocclusive events and intimal hyperplasias. High blood leukocyte counts during steady states in the absence of infection are significant laboratory risk factors for adverse complications. L-Citrulline as precursor amino acid was given orally twice daily in daily doses of approximately 0.1 g/kg in a pilot Phase II clinical trial during steady states in four homozygous sickle cell disease subjects and one sickle cell-hemoglobin C disease patient (ages 10-18). There soon resulted dramatic improvements in symptoms of well-being, raised plasma arginine levels, and reductions in high total leukocyte and high segmented neutrophil counts toward or to within normal limits. Continued L-citrulline supplementation in compliant subjects continued to lessen symptomatology, to maintain plasma arginine concentrations greater than control levels, and to maintain nearly normal total leukocyte and neutrophil counts. Side effects or toxicity from citrulline were not experienced. Oral L-citrulline may portend very useful for palliative therapy in sickle cell disease. Placebo-controlled, long-term trials are now indicated.",
"Ranibizumab therapy in the treatment of diabetic macular edema seems to improve retinal function and structure as demonstrated by this evaluation of different assessment methods.",
"Despite progress in management, patients with sickle cell disease who are experiencing acute painful episode are often incompletely treated. We compared meperidine and tramadol with respect to their effects on the hemodynamics and pain relief in patients with sickle cell disease who were admitted to the emergency department with painful crisis. A total of 68 patients with sickle cell disease were randomly assigned to receive either tramadol 1.5 mg/kg (n = 34) or meperidine 1 mg/kg (n = 34). Hemodynamic parameters were recorded at regular intervals after analgesic infusions. Pain intensity and relief were documented by visual analog and pain relief scale, respectively. Sedation level was defined according to Ramsay sedation scale. Both meperidine and tramadol administration resulted in a significant reduction in systolic and diastolic blood pressure after 2 hours (P < .05). Efficacy in pain relief between the analgesics was more rapid and better in the meperidine group, although the degree of relief were significantly improved compared to baseline levels in both groups (P < .05). Sedation was more commonly seen in the meperidine arm. None of the patients had experienced neurotoxicity. In summary, both agents had proven safe and effective for emergent use in patients with sickle cell disease. Avoiding meperidine injections as recommended with previous guidelines needs to be carefully reconsidered especially when low doses are mentioned.",
"These results show that VDs occurring after FS correspond to MA and are not transient ischaemic cerebro-vascular events. We suggest a pathophysiological hypothesis resting on the release of endothelin that would reach the cerebral cortex through a paten foramen ovale.",
"We should avoid the insertion of a chest tube before the operation as much as possible. Furthermore early operation and intercostal nerve blockade before the operation were useful to prevent postoperative pain and its shift to chronic post thoracostomy pain.",
"The role that atrial pacing therapy plays on the atrial fibrillation (AF) burden is still unclear. Aim of the study was to evaluate the effect of the atrial preference pacing algorithm on AF burden in patients affected by Myotonic Dystrophy type 1 (DM1) followed for a long follow up period. Sixty DM1 patients were -implanted with a dual chamber pacemaker (PM) for first degree or symptomatic type 1/type 2 second degree atrio-ventricular blocks- were followed for 2-years after implantation, by periodical examination. After 1 month of stabilization, they were randomized into two groups: 1) Patients implanted with conventional dual-chamber pacing mode (DDDR group) and 2) Patients implanted with DDDR plus Atrial Preference Pacing (APP) algorithm (APP ON group). The results showed that atrial tachycardia (AT)/AF burden was significantly reduced at 1 year follow up in the APP ON group (2122 ± 428 minutes vs 4127 ± 388 minutes, P = 0.03), with a further reduction at the end of the 2 year follow up period (4652 ± 348 minutes vs 7564 ± 638 minutes, P = 0.005). The data here reported show that the APP is an efficient algorithm to reduce AT/AF burden in DM1 patients implanted with dual chamber pacemaker.",
"More subjects on placebo developed a headache than those on frovatriptan. Perhaps because of the small number of subjects involved, the differences in headache incidences observed did not achieve statistical significance.",
"In a large retail business group the ID Migraine Screening Test was sent to employees with three or more absences from work in the past year (n = 2893). Employees with positive results were invited for a neurological consultation and migraine patients were randomly assigned to: first attack 'treated as usual' and the second attack treated with 40 mg eletriptan, or reversed order. Of the 2893 employees, 799 responded (28%), 260 were positively screened for migraine (33%), 84 patients were diagnosed by a neurologist and 41 of the 75 included patients completed the protocol. Eletriptan induced pain-free response in 33.3% of the patients at 4 h compared with 0% after 'non-specific' treatment (P = 0.03). Eletriptan also significantly improved quality of life, but differences in absence from work and productivity loss could not be detected. In conclusion, in-company screening can be beneficial for undertreated employees, but implementation obstacles can reduce the effectiveness of screening.",
"The trial was terminated prematurely after the enrollment of 252 patients because of an excess of thromboembolic and bleeding events among patients in the dabigatran group. In the as-treated analysis, dose adjustment or discontinuation of dabigatran was required in 52 of 162 patients (32%). Ischemic or unspecified stroke occurred in 9 patients (5%) in the dabigatran group and in no patients in the warfarin group; major bleeding occurred in 7 patients (4%) and 2 patients (2%), respectively. All patients with major bleeding had pericardial bleeding.",
"The efficiency of malaria prevention during pregnancy was compared between three studies in Benin for malaria infection of the placenta (MIP) and low birth weight (LBW). The first was carried out when chloroquine prophylaxis was still recommended, the second was an intermittent preventive treatment in pregnancy (IPTp) clinical trial comparing sulfadoxine pyrimetamine (SP) versus mefloquine, and the third was an observational study after SP-IPTp national implementation. We showed an association between the use of IPTp and the reduction of LBW (10% with national IPTp and 8.7% in IPTp trial versus 15.7% in pre-trial study). The effect on MIP was better in the trial (2.9% versus 11.2% and 16.7% for national IPTp and pre-trial studies, respectively). In spite of a good overall compliance with the national IPTp (with 84% of women taking at least one dose of SP), there are still failures in adherence to the directly observed therapy (DOT) scheme and needs for better training of health staff.",
"2,2-Dimethylbutyrate (HQK-1001), an orally-bioavailable promoter-targeted fetal globin gene-inducing agent, was evaluated in an open-label, randomized dose-escalation study in 52 subjects with hemoglobin SS or S/β(0) thalassemia. HQK-1001 was administered daily for 26 weeks at 30 mg/kg (n = 15), 40 mg/kg (n = 18) and 50 mg/kg (n = 19), either alone (n = 21) or with hydroxyurea (n = 31). The most common drug-related adverse events were usually mild or moderate and reversible. Gastritis was graded as severe in three subjects at 40 mg/kg and was considered the dose-limiting toxicity. Subsequently all subjects were switched to the maximum tolerated dose of 30 mg/kg. Due to early discontinuations for blood transfusions, adverse events or non-compliance, only 25 subjects (48%) completed the study. Drug plasma concentrations were sustained above targeted levels at 30 mg/kg. Increases in fetal hemoglobin (Hb F) were observed in 42 subjects (80%), and 12 (23%) had increases ≥4%. The mean increase in Hb F was 2% [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.8-3.2%] in 21 subjects receiving HQK-1001 alone and 2.7% (95% CI, 1.7-3.8%) in 31 subjects receiving HQK-1001 plus hydroxyurea. Total hemoglobin increased by a mean of 0.65 g/dL (95% CI, 0.5-1.0 g/dL), and 13 subjects (25%) had increases ≥1 g/dL. Future studies are warranted to evaluate the therapeutic potential of HQK-1001 in sickle cell disease. .",
"Implications discussed include the impact of low uptake on the usefulness of the quantitative data obtained, and lessons relevant to research design. Relevance to current guidance regarding early identification strategies is discussed and the importance of addressing the needs of less accessible groups is highlighted.",
"Ministère Français des Affaires Etrangères et Européennes (FSP project 2006-22), Institut de Recherche pour le Développement, President's Malaria Initiative (PMI) of US Governement.",
"There is no significant prolongation of the QT/QTc interval with brentuximab vedotin in patients with CD30-positive hematologic malignancies.",
"Bronchoscopic lung-volume reduction with one-way valves can be performed with acceptable short-term safety and worthwhile functional benefits.",
"Of the 9236 patients screened, 3452 were randomised in the clinical setting and 3811 in the microscopy setting. Follow-up to 28 days was 97.6% (7088/7263). In the microscopy setting, 722 (51.6%) of the 1400 patients with negative research slides in the rapid diagnostic test arm were treated for malaria compared with 764 (55.0%) of the 1389 patients in the microscopy arm (adjusted odds ratio 0.87, 95% CI 0.71 to 1.1; P=0.16). In the clinical setting, 578 (53.9%) of the 1072 patients in the rapid diagnostic test arm with negative research slides were treated for malaria compared with 982 (90.1%) of the 1090 patients with negative slides in the clinical diagnosis arm (odds ratio 0.12, 95% CI 0.04 to 0.38; P=0.001). The use of rapid diagnostic tests led to better targeting of antimalarials and antibiotics in the clinical but not the microscopy setting, in both children and adults. There were no deaths in children under 5 years at 28 days follow-up in either arm.",
"PCR-analyses from nine sequential blood samples collected after initiation of treatment identified 20 and 21 additional genotypes in 15/50 (30%) and 14/50 (28%) children with msp1 and msp2, respectively, non-detectable in the pre-treatment samples (-2 and 0 h combined). Some 15/20 (75%) and 14/21 (67%) of these genotypes were identified within 24 h, whereas 17/20 (85%) and 19/21 (90%) within 48 h for msp1 and msp2, respectively. The genotype profile was diverse, and varied considerably over time both within and between patients, molecular markers and their respective families.",
"Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ACTRN12608000295347).",
"these results indicate that 41.5% of Medicare patients with nonvalvular atrial fibrillation are not anticoagulated with warfarin. The incidence of stroke and overall medical costs were significantly lower in patients treated with warfarin.",
"Findings from this national MI registry demonstrate a survival advantage in STEMI and non-STEMI patients when PHECG was used.",
"The present study suggests that anodal M1 tDCS may be a safe and useful clinical tool in migraine prophylaxis. The mechanism of action of anodal tDCS on neuromodulation in migraine patients needs further investigation.",
"Fixed combination of timolol and dorzolamide therapy might increase blood flow in OAG patients while attaining a similar IOP reduction compared to latanoprost plus timolol. Visual function, however, was not different in this short-term comparison between the two treatments.",
"Compared to preserved eyedrops, preservative free eyedrops are significantly less associated with ocular symptoms and signs of irritation.",
"Our study showed that etodolac is a safe and effective alternative in acute migraine treatment and showed comparable efficacy to paracetamol 1,000 mg. Etodolac may be considered as an alternative option for acute treatment of migraine.",
"Nifekalant was more effective than lidocaine for termination of arrhythmia and for ROSC in patients with shock-resistant in-hospital VF or VT (umin-CTR No. UMIN 000001781).",
"Living in a hilly neighbourhood may be protective of diabetes onset or this finding is spurious. Nevertheless, the results are promising and have implications for future research and the practice of flattening land in new housing developments.",
"In children with chronic stable DCM, a combination of diagnosis after late infancy and echocardiographic parameters of larger LV size and systolic and diastolic function predicted disease progression.",
"In comparison with the 1% dairy milk control, the low-fat soy beverage reduced (P < 0.05) total and LDL-cholesterol by 10 and 13%, respectively. Consumption of the moderate-fat PS-enriched soy beverage reduced (P < 0.05) plasma total and LDL-cholesterol by 12 and 15% respectively. Fasting triglycerides were reduced by 9.4% following consumption of the moderate-fat soy beverage in comparison with the 1% dairy milk. Both low and moderate-fat PS-enriched soy varieties reduced (P < 0.05) LDL:HDL and TC:HDL ratios compared with the 1% dairy milk control. Consumption of the moderate-fat PS-enriched soymilk reduced (P < 0.05) cholesterol absorption by 27%, but did not alter cholesterol synthesis in comparison with 1% dairy milk.",
"Our experience shows that an Impella 5.0 implanted through the right axillary artery approach is a valid option as bridge to long-term LVADs.",
"There was no statistically significant association between the content of marine n-3 PUFA in adipose tissue and the development of AF; however, data showed a monotonic, negative dose-response trend suggestive of a negative association.",
"The calculation of individual risk for developing POAG in ocular hypertensive individuals is simpler and equally accurate using IOP and CCT as measured, rather than applying an adjustment formula to correct IOP for CCT.",
"null",
"The PPB is easy to perform at a low cost. It permits the diagnosis of tuberculous and neoplastic pleurisy, particularly in low income countries with a high prevalence of TB/HIV.",
"In human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) co-infected tuberculosis (TB) patients with negative acid-fast bacilli smears, chest radiography (CXR) is usually the first imaging step in the diagnostic work-up. Ultrasound, also in the form of focused assessment with sonography for TB-HIV (FASH), is an additional imaging modality used to diagnose extra-pulmonary TB (EPTB). Findings from 82 patients with abdominal TB diagnosed by ultrasound were analysed and compared with CXR results. Enlarged abdominal lymph nodes were seen in 75.6% of the patients, spleen abscesses in 41.2% and liver lesions in 30.6%. CXR showed a miliary pattern in 21.9% of the patients; 26.8% of the CXR had no radiological changes suggestive of pulmonary TB. This patient group would benefit from ultrasound in diagnostic algorithms for HIV-associated EPTB.",
"An emergence of drug-resistant tuberculosis (DR-TB) in settings affected by human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and tuberculosis (TB) has been observed. We investigated the prevalence of DR-TB in P1041, a multicentered, randomised, double-blind trial which compared the administration of isoniazid (INH) to placebo, in HIV-exposed, non-infected and -infected African infants in the absence of any documented TB exposure. The prevalence of multidrug-resistant TB (MDR-TB) was 22.2% (95%CI 8.5-45.8) and INH monoresistance 5.6% (95%CI 0.1-27.6) among culture-confirmed cases, with all MDR-TB occurring in a single site. There was no association between INH treatment or placebo group, or between HIV infection status, and DR-TB prevalence. There was a high prevalence of DR-TB among HIV-exposed and -infected children. Surveillance of DR-TB among children in high-burden TB-HIV settings should be routine.",
"The result of this study suggests that the latanoprost-timolol-fixed combination compared with latanoprost therapy alone provides improved intraocular pressure reduction over the 24-hour diurnal curve and for each individual time point in patients with primary open-angle glaucoma.",
"null",
"In this open-label study, allodynic patients reported that their migraine attacks responded well and they achieved a high degree of satisfaction following treatment with a fixed-dose tablet of sumatriptan 85 mg/naproxen sodium 500 mg administered in a very early treatment paradigm.",
"Sildenafil demonstrated nonlinear exposure with high interindividual variability but was well tolerated and effectively lowered pulmonary vascular resistance index in all subjects. Sildenafil did not acutely improve myocardial performance or increase cardiac index.",
"SR is associated with a similar post-PCI improvement in epicardial blood flow both in diabetic and non-diabetic patients. SR improves in-hospital survival of diabetic patients, which is similar to the survival of non-diabetic patients without SR. The benefi cial effect of SR in diabetic patients disappears during 1-year follow-up.",
"Compared with metoprolol, carvedilol resulted in greater reduction of sympathetic activity after 6 wk of treatment and lower von Willebrand factor concentrations in both Arg16/Gln27 and Gly16/Glu27 individuals. Therefore, carvedilol may reduce the risk of thromboembolic events in patients with heart failure, irrespective of β2-receptor haplotype status.",
"With the device, the total physical score improved in 34.9% and was unchanged in 29.9% versus warfarin in whom 24.7% were improved and 31.7% were unchanged (p = 0.01). Mental health improvement occurred in 33.0% of the device group versus 22.6% in the warfarin group (p = 0.06). There was a significant improvement in QOL in patients randomized to device for total physical score, physical function, and in physical role limitation compared to control. There were significant differences in the change in total physical score among warfarin naive and not-warfarin naive subgroups in the device group compared to control, but larger gains were seen with the warfarin naive subgroup with a 12-month change of 1.3 ± 8.8 versus -3.6 ± 6.7 (p = 0.0004) device compared to warfarin.",
"Female and male myocardial infarction patients undergoing PCI differ regarding demographic, clinical, and treatment profiles. These differences appear to explain the higher observed major adverse cardiac event rate but not higher adjusted bleeding risk for women versus men.",
"Cardiovascular imaging is an important part of procedural planning and safety for catheter ablation of atrial fibrillation (AF). However, the costs of imaging surrounding catheter ablation of AF have not been described. Medicare fee-for-service data were used to evaluate Medicare expenditures before, during, and after catheter ablation for AF from July 2007 to December 2009. Among 11,525 patients who underwent catheter ablation for AF, the mean overall expenditure on the day of the procedure was $14,455 (SD $7,441). The mean imaging expenditure in the periprocedural period, which included the 30 days before the catheter ablation and the day of the ablation itself, was $884 (SD $455). Periprocedural imaging expenditures varied by the imaging strategy used, ranging from a mean of $557 (SD $269) for patients with electroanatomic mapping only to $1,234 (SD $461) for patients with electroanatomic mapping, transesophageal echocardiogram, and computed tomography or magnetic resonance imaging. Mean patient-level imaging expenditures varied by provider (mean $872, SD $249). Periprocedural imaging expenditures also varied by patient risk, with mean expenditures of $862 (SD $444) for patients with a CHADS2 score of ≥2 compared with $907 (SD $466) for CHADS2 score<2 (p<0.001). In conclusion, periprocedural imaging accounts for approximately 6% of mean Medicare expenditures for catheter ablation of AF. The expenditures for periprocedural imaging vary both at the patient and at the provider level and they are inversely related to stroke risk by CHADS2 score.",
"The regimen was a single intramuscular injection with two non-replicating human serotype 5 adenovectors encoding CSP and AMA1, respectively. One x 10 (10) particle units of each construct were combined prior to administration. The regimen was safe and well-tolerated. Four weeks later, 18 study subjects received P. falciparum CHMI administered by mosquito bite. None were fully protected although one showed delayed onset of parasitemia. Antibody responses were low, with geometric mean CSP ELISA titer of 381 (range<50-1626) and AMA1 ELISA of 4.95 µg/mL (range 0.2-38). Summed ex vivo IFN-γ ELISpot responses to overlapping peptides were robust, with geometric mean spot forming cells/million peripheral blood mononuclear cells [sfc/m] for CSP of 273 (range 38-2550) and for AMA1 of 1303 (range 435-4594). CD4+ and CD8+ T cell IFN-γ responses to CSP were positive by flow cytometry in 25% and 56% of the research subjects, respectively, and to AMA1 in 94% and 100%, respectively.",
"The management of AF has undergone significant shifts since 1990, reflecting the influence of drug development, prevailing belief systems, the impact of large clinical trials, and evidence-based recommendations. Monitoring of pharmacotherapy trends will provide insight into the real-world application of evidence-based guidelines as well as allow the opportunity to identify deficiencies and improve patient care.",
"In contrast to normal versus high-normal BP categories which do not clearly distinguish normotensives with from those without organ damage, noninvasively determined aortic BP measurements may refine the ability to detect those with a normal/high-normal BP at risk of BP-related cardiovascular damage.",
"IPTp-SP was highly cost-effective for both prevention of maternal malaria and reduction of neonatal mortality in Mozambique. These findings are likely to hold for other settings where IPTp-SP is implemented through ANC visits. The intervention remained cost-effective even with a significant increase in drug and other intervention costs. Improvements in the protective efficacy of the intervention would increase its cost-effectiveness. Provision of IPTp with a more effective, although more expensive drug than SP may still remain a cost-effective public health measure to prevent malaria in pregnancy.",
"Middle-aged healthy female individuals as well as female T2DM-patients showed higher circulating serum endostatin levels compared to males, suggesting a hormonal influence on baseline circulating endostatin amounts. Exercise-induced increase in endostatin is also observable in patients suffering from T2DM. Concerning vascularisation, lower endostatin levels in T2DM might be advantageous. Concerning plaque stability, lower levels might be prejudicial.",
": We found substantial reductions in nevirapine concentrations in young children receiving rifampicin. Further studies are needed to define the pharmacokinetics, safety and efficacy of adjusted doses of nevirapine-based ART in young children with tuberculosis.",
"We confirmed the FAIM2-rs7138803 relationship with obesity and identified novel and consistent associations with heart rate in particular in type 2 diabetic subjects. Furthermore, our results suggest a possible association of this polymorphism with higher myocardial infarction risk in type-2 diabetic subjects, although this result needs to be replicated as it could represent a false positive.",
"Warfarin is a complex but highly effective treatment for decreasing thromboembolic risk in atrial fibrillation (AF). We examined contemporary warfarin treatment rates in AF before the expected introduction of newer anticoagulants and extent of practice-level variation in warfarin use. Within the National Cardiovascular Data Registry Practice Innovation and Clinical Excellence program from July 2008 through December 2009, we identified 9,113 outpatients with AF from 20 sites who were at moderate to high risk for stroke (congestive heart failure, hypertension, age, diabetes, stroke score >1) and would be optimally treated with warfarin. Using hierarchical models, the extent of site-level variation was quantified with the median rate ratio, which can be interpreted as the likelihood that 2 random practices would differ in treating "identical" patients with warfarin. Overall rate of warfarin treatment was only 55.1% (5,018 of 9,913). Untreated patients and treated patients had mean congestive heart failure, hypertension, age, diabetes, stroke scores of 2.5 (p = 0.38) and similar rates of heart failure, hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and previous stroke, suggesting an almost "random" pattern of treatment. At the practice level, however, there was substantial variation in treatment ranging from 25% to 80% (interquartile range for practices 50 to 65), with a median rate ratio of 1.31 (1.22 to 1.55, p <0.001). In conclusion, within the Practice Innovation and Clinical Excellence registry, we found that warfarin treatment in AF was suboptimal, with large variations in treatment observed across practices. Our findings suggest important opportunities for practice-level improvement in stroke prevention for outpatients with AF and define a benchmark treatment rate before the introduction of newer anticoagulant agents.",
"In a 1-stent approach, FKB was associated with worse angiographic outcomes in the MV, and did not demonstrate any clinical benefit over the long-term follow-up period. Cross-over stenting without FKB showed similar clinical outcomes to patients without bifurcation.",
"In patients with paroxysmal and persistent AF, we found no evidence of increased mortality or hospitalization in those taking digoxin as baseline initial therapy.",
"RV 3DSTI indicated segmental heterogeneity in magnitude and timing of RV contraction. 3DSTI may be a promising modality for providing precise quantitative information on complex RV wall motion.",
"Intra-operative hypertensive episodes are a frequent problem in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting. The haemodynamic effects of the alpha-adrenergic blocking drugs phentolamine and urapidil, two alpha-adrenergic blocking drugs with a different alpha-receptor subtype specificity, when used to control intra-operative hypertension were evaluated. Ten patients received phentolamine (about 25 micrograms kg-1 min-1) and ten patients received urapidil (about 100 micrograms kg-1 min-1) to return arterial blood pressure to control levels. Both drugs decreased arterial pressure to baseline values within 2-3 minutes by reducing the elevated systemic vascular resistance. Treatment with phentolamine was accompanied by a marked increase in heart rate with a concomitant increase in cardiac index and the rate-pressure product. Urapidil caused no change in heart rate, but the cardiac index increased. Urapidil lowered the rate-pressure product significantly. Both drugs reduced mean pulmonary artery and pulmonary capillary wedge pressures. The different selectivity of phentolamine and urapidil to alpha 1-and alpha 2-adrenergic receptors induces the diverse haemodynamic effects. We conclude that the use of urapidil is the superior regimen when an alpha-adrenergic blocking agent is favoured as a vasodilator.",
"The use of reamberin for prophylaxis of side effects was estimated in 257 patients with tuberculosis of the respiratory organs under the chemotherapy. The reference group involved 241 patients treated with the chemotherapeutics alone. Reamberin in the treatment of the patients, including subjects with multidrug resistant Mycobacterium tuberculosis, promoted a 2-fold decrease in the frequency of the intoxication syndrome during the first month of the treatment. Adverse reactions (toxic, allergic) to the antituberculosis chemotherapeuties were 2.4 times less frequent in the patients additionally treated with reamberin. Positive effect of reamberin on the activity of AIAT and AsAT was observed, the effect being higher, when the pathogen was susceptible to the drugs.",
"The safety and effectiveness of the R-ZES through 3 years in this real-world all-comer study was consistent with previously reported all-comer trials.",
"Visual quality perception, visual field mean deviation index, and CS at higher frequencies improve after starting glaucoma therapy. However, no correlation was found between IOP reduction and changes in visual function, and no differences were found in visual function when the three medications studied were compared.",
"The Diabetes mellitus Insulin-Glucose Infusion in Acute Myocardial Infarction (DIGAMI) 2 Quality of Life (QoL) sub-study included 465 patients with type 2 diabetes and acute myocardial infarction (AMI) followed for 2 years. Self-rated health was reported by the rating scale (RS), graded 0 = death to 100 = perfect health. Prospective associations between RS and all-cause mortality, cardiovascular (CV) death and cardiovascular events (CVEs = CV death, non-fatal AMI, stroke) were assessed. Median age was 68 years (range 59-74), 68% male. Patients experiencing CVE (n = 132) or death (n = 71) had lower RS compared with patients free from events: 60 (50-79) versus 70 (55-81) (p < 0.001) and 60 (50-75) versus 70 (51-80) (p = 0.008). The RS score predicted CVE [hazard ratio (HR); 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.87; 0.80-0.95] and all-cause mortality (0.86; 0.76-0.97), and corresponding HRs after adjustment were 0.90; 0.83-0.99 and 0.90; 0.79-1.02, respectively. A low self-rated health is of prognostic importance in patients with type 2 diabetes and AMI and may serve as an easily obtainable indicator of high risk for CVEs supplementing traditional risk factors.",
"This study was designed to estimate the influence of ozone therapy on oxygen metabolism kinetics and the circulation system during spa and resort treatment of 145 post-infarction patients who survived myocardial infarction. All of them were given routine spa-and-resort therapy; 56 patients received pharmacotherapy, in the remaining 89 it was supplemented with ozone-therapy. The clinical examination included electrocardiography, veloergometry, echocardiography; kinetics of oxygen metabolism was evaluated by transcutaneous polarography, laser Doppler flowmetry, and computed capillaroscopy. The results of the study indicate that ozonetherapy in combination with medicamental treatment reduces the period of post-infarction rehabilitation, decreases tissue hypoxia, improves characteristics of microcirculation and general health status of the patients.",
"Our DA to allow patients to make an informed decision with their physician regarding dabigatran versus warfarin in AF, proved understandable, comprehensive and helpful.",
"A period of 6 months seems to be sufficient to treat extrapulmonary tuberculosis (except for neuromeningeal localization).",
"Both morning and evening dosing of LTFC were effective in lowering diurnal IOP in patients with POAG. However, evening dosing of LTFC seemed to be more effective in controlling IOP especially in the morning and avoiding the fluctuations with lower range of IOP.",
"Axillary minithoracotomy and VATS are equally effective for the treatment of RSP, although the rate for resection of blebs, bulla, or both is higher with the axillary minithoracotomy procedure. Although VATS is more time consuming, it offers to the patient more satisfaction with treatment.",
"This cross-sectional study indicates that the prevalence of comorbidity hypertension-migraine is substantial and that patients with comorbidity have a higher probability of history of cerebrovascular events, compared to hypertensive patients.",
"The need to clarify the uncertainty of the role of supplemental oxygen therapy in the setting of suspected AMI is urgent. The DETO2X-AMI trial is designed and powered to address this important issue and may have a direct impact on future recommendations.",
"null",
"The complete success rate using trabeculectomy with the ologen implant is lower than that achieved by trabeculectomy with MMC. However, the bleb morphology caused more problems in the MMC group (avascularity score).",
"Multidrug-resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) threatens global TB control. The lengthy treatment includes one of the injectable drugs kanamycin, amikacin, and capreomycin, usually for the first 6 months. These drugs have potentially serious toxicities, and when given as intramuscular injections, dosing can be painful. Advances in particulate drug delivery have led to the formulation of capreomycin as the first antituberculosis drug available as a microparticle dry powder for inhalation and clinical study. Delivery by aerosol may result in successful treatment with lower doses. Here we report a phase I, single-dose, dose-escalating study aimed at demonstrating safety and tolerability in healthy subjects and measuring pharmacokinetic (PK) parameters. Twenty healthy adults (n = 5 per group) were recruited to self-administer a single dose of inhaled dry powder capreomycin (25-mg, 75-mg, 150-mg, or 300-mg nominal dose) using a simple, handheld delivery device. Inhalations were well tolerated by all subjects. The most common adverse event was mild to moderate transient cough, in five subjects. There were no changes in lung function, audiometry, or laboratory parameters. Capreomycin was rapidly absorbed after inhalation. Systemic concentrations were detected in each dose group within 20 min. Peak and mean plasma concentrations of capreomycin were dose proportional. Serum concentrations exceeded 2 μg/ml (MIC for Mycobacterium tuberculosis) following the highest dose; the half-life (t1/2) was 4.8 ± 1.0 h. A novel inhaled microparticle dry powder formulation of capreomycin was well tolerated. A single 300-mg dose rapidly achieved serum drug concentrations above the MIC for Mycobacterium tuberculosis, suggesting the potential of inhaled therapy as part of an MDR-TB treatment regimen.",
"Intravenous n-3 PUFA tended to decrease VT inducibility, but a larger study is warranted.",
"Lymphadenopathy is likely to be reactive or malignant in nontuberculosis endemic regions. Readily available clinical features can aid clinicians in predicting the underlying aetiology, those at risk for malignancy, and who to biopsy.",
"Bimatoprost provided greater mean IOP reductions than travoprost.",
"This study demonstrates that VRI can be safely used to assess patients with pneumothoraces. Moreover, the analysis of breath sound distribution images obtained noninvasively can distinguish between patients with a normal chest examination from those with pneumothoraces.",
"Treatment guidelines for atrial fibrillation (AF) used in Western countries describe female gender as a risk factor for thromboembolic events in patients with nonvalvular AF (NVAF). The present study aimed to determine the impact of gender on prognosis of Japanese patients with NVAF. A subanalysis of 7,406 patients with NVAF (mean age 70 years) who were followed-up prospectively for 2 years was performed using data from the J-RHYTHM registry. The primary end points were thromboembolic events, major hemorrhaging, total mortality, and cardiovascular mortality. Compared with male subjects (n = 5,241), female subjects (n = 2,165) were older and displayed greater prevalences of paroxysmal AF, heart failure, and hypertension but less prevalences of diabetes, previous cerebral infarction, and coronary artery disease. Male and female patients had mean CHADS2 (Congestive heart failure, Hypertension, Age of 75 years or more, Diabetes mellitus and prior Stroke or transient ischemic attack) scores of 1.6 and 1.8, respectively (p <0.001). Warfarin was given to 87% of male patients and 86% of female patients (p = 0.760), and the 2 genders displayed similar mean international normalized ratio of prothrombin time values at baseline (1.91 vs 1.90, respectively, p = 0.756). Multivariate logistic regression analysis indicated that male gender was an independent risk factor for major hemorrhaging (odds ratio 1.59, 95% confidence interval 1.05 to 2.40, p = 0.027) and all-cause mortality (odds ratio 1.78, 95% confidence interval 1.25 to 2.55, p <0.002) but not for thromboembolic events (odds ratio 1.24, 95% confidence interval 0.83 to 1.86, p = 0.297) or cardiovascular mortality (odds ratio 0.96, 95% confidence interval 0.56 to 1.66, p = 0.893). In conclusion, female gender is not a risk factor for thromboembolic events among Japanese patients with NVAF who were treated mostly with warfarin. However, male gender is a risk factor for major hemorrhaging and all-cause mortality.",
"Physicians are substantially more compliant with HIV monitoring and PCP prophylaxis than with TB prophylaxis guidelines. Efforts to improve TB control in HIV patients are badly needed.",
"Video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery (VATS) has been widely used in the treatment of spontaneous pneumothorax. The unexpectedly high increase of the recurrence rate is the most important problem. We examined the interaction between recurrence, clinical features and patient's backgrounds. The main causes of recurrence were oversight of bullae and the emphysematous changes at the periphery of the site where an autosuture device was used. 90% of the recurrence occurred in the patients with type III small diffuse bullae. Introduction of the regional talc pleurodesis and covering stapled line with absorbable mesh were extremely useful to lower the recurrence rate after VATS for spontaneous pneumothorax.",
"In this registry of high-volume centers, persistent LBBB after CoreValve Revalving System transcatheter aortic valve implantation showed no effect on hard end points. On the other hand, LBBB was associated with a higher short-term rate of pacemaker implantation.",
"Eight patients with sickle cell anemia were treated for acute painful crises with DDAVP and intravenous fluids; five were treated with placebo and the same regimen of fluid administration. Although hyponatremia was produced in both treatment groups, duration of hospitalization did not differ between them, nor did it differ from concurrent hospitalization of other patients who received conventional treatment. Safe induction of hyponatremia required intensive laboratory surveillance, and serum sodium could be lowered without use of DDAVP. These data suggest that a controlled trial hyponatremia for acute sickle cell crises should not be performed.",
"PfHRP-2 ELISA and qPCR may be needed for accurately quantifying the malaria parasite burden. In addition, qPCR improves parasite speciation, whilst PfHRP-2 ELISA is a potential predictor for clinical disease caused by P. falciparum.",
"Overnight shipping with processing delay causes spurious reductions in absolute neutrophil count (ANC) and absolute monocyte count (AMC) that may result in incorrect monitoring decisions in multicenter clinical trials.",
"SSI therapy is widely used in LTC facilities and is associated with a high fingerstick burden. SSI regimens are associated with poorer glycemic control but a rate of hypoglycemia similar to that of non-SSI regimens.",
"Recently, QRS score was shown to be predictive of VT/VF in the SCD-HeFT population consisting of both ischemic and nonischemic HF and having a maximum LVEF of 35% versus 30% for MADIT-II. Our study found that QRS score did not add prognostic value in the MADIT-II population exhibiting relatively more severe cardiac dysfunction.",
"TTFC appeared useful in this selected population. In this study, patients who underwent a regimen modification to TTFC obtained further reduction in IOP with a lower exposition to preservative toxicity. The low discontinuation rate at 6 months indicates a good tolerability profile.",
"Bimatoprost alone reduces IOP substantially. Pilocarpine added to bimatoprost at concentrations of 2%, 4%, or 6% was neither additive nor antagonistic to the ocular hypotensive efficacy of bimatoprost.",
"To investigate the effectiveness of scaling-up existing bednet distribution campaigns, a randomised controlled trial with 516 farming households in Katete District, a rural area with highly endemic malaria in Zambia's Eastern Province, was evaluated. In the trial, selected farmers were assigned to bednet programmes that allowed them to obtain additional bednets for free or at subsidised prices through agricultural loan programmes. On average, 2.4 nets were distributed in the free distribution group and 0.9 in the net loan group. The marginal health impact of additional nets appears large, reducing the odds of self-reported all-cause morbidity by 40-42% and the odds of self-reported confirmed malaria by 53-60%.",
"The QoA with warfarin, as assessed by TTR, in the current community setting remains suboptimal, and there has been little to no improvement in current clinical practices. TTR should be considered when assessing the recent comparative studies evaluating novel pharmacologic agents to warfarin for the treatment of AF. SUBJECT AREAS: Arrhythmias, preventive cardiology, anticoagulation, thromboembolism, cardiovascular disease risk factors.",
"Linezolid-containing regimens can be effective in treating children with DR-TB even after failing second-line treatment. Adverse events should be monitored, especially in combination with medications that have similar adverse effects. Linezolid remains costly, and a reduced dosage and duration may result in fewer adverse events and lower cost.",
"For percutaneous biopsy of small subpleural lesions under CT guidance, the oblique path is better than the perpendicular path.",
"The etiology of pericardial effusions remains unresolved in many cases because not the full spectrum of diagnostic methods including cytology, histology, immunohistology and PCR on cardiotropic agents, which are currently available, used in many institutions. After comprehensive clinical workup and use of imaging methods, such as echocardiography and cardiac MRI, pericardiocentesis and epicardial and pericardial biopsy were carried out under pericardioscopical control of the biopsy site. Biopsies and fluid were evaluated by cytological, histological, immunological and molecular (PCR) methods in 259 patients of our tertiary referral center following an identical clinical pathway, diagnostic and therapeutic algorithm in all cases. A standard clinical pathway and the same diagnostic and therapeutic algorithms were used in all cases. When all methods are applied to patients with pericardial effusions, "idiopathic" pericardial effusion is no longer a relevant diagnosis. Autoreactive and lymphocytic pericardial effusions are the leading diagnosis in 35 % of patients in the prospective Marburg registry, followed by malignant effusions in 28 % of cases. Viral genome was assessed in fluid and epi- as well as pericardial biopsies in 12 %, followed by post-traumatic/iatrogenic effusions in 15 % and purulent/bacterial effusions in only 2 %. Pericardioscopy permits the macroscopic inspection of the pulsating heart and its disease-associated macroscopic alterations. It also permits safe and targeted biopsy for further investigations of the tissue. Therapy, tailored to the individual etiology, can be selected such as intrapericardial instillation in autoreactive effusions with triamcinolone and with cisplatin or thiotepa in neoplastic effusions. With this approach the recurrence of pericardial effusion can be avoided effectively. A comprehensive approach to the diagnosis of pericardial effusions in conjunction with pericardioscopy for targeted tissue sampling is the prerequisite for an etiologically based intrapericardial and systemic treatment, which improves outcome and prognosis.",
"Both latanoprost and betaxolol are safe concerning respiratory functions. Betaxolol may cause small changes in the cardiovascular system, suggesting that blood pressure and pulse rates should be checked before and in regular intervals after prescribing it for the elderly. Latanoprost seems to be a safe medication in view of absence of systemic cardiovascular and respiratory side effects.",
"No significant difference in CCT was found between patients treated with PGA and TCAI, suggesting that these topical medications did not statistically and clinically change the CCT.",
"Artemisinin combination therapies eliminate immature Plasmodium falciparum gametocytes but not mature gametocytes, which may persist for up to 1 month posttreatment. A single dose of primaquine, which is inexpensive and effective against mature gametocytes, could be added to further reduce the potential for posttreatment parasite transmission. Currently, we have few data regarding the effectiveness or safety of doing so. We collected data from 21 therapeutic efficacy trials of the National Antimalarial Drug Resistance Monitoring System of India conducted during 2009 to 2010, wherein 9 sites used single-dose primaquine (0.75 mg/kg of body weight) administered on day 2 along with artesunate plus sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine (AS+SP) while 12 did not. We estimated the effect of primaquine on posttreatment gametocyte clearance and the total number of gametocyte-weeks as determined by microscopy. We compared the median area under the curve for gametocyte density and reported adverse events. One thousand three hundred thirty-five patients completed the antimalarial drug treatment. Adjusting for region, primaquine increased the rate of gametocyte clearance (hazard ratio, 1.9; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.1 to 3.3), prevented 45% (95% CI, 19 to 62) of posttreatment gametocyte-weeks, and decreased the area under the gametocyte density curve over the 28-day follow-up compared to AS+SP alone (P value = 0.01). The results were robust to other adjustment sets, and the estimated effect of primaquine increased during sensitivity analysis on the measurement of exposure time. No serious adverse events were detected. In conclusion, the addition of primaquine to AS+SP was effective in reducing the posttreatment presence of P. falciparum gametocytes. Primaquine was well tolerated and could be administered along with an artemisinin combination therapy as the first-line therapy.",
"Proteinuria, eGFR < 60 ml/min, and failure to monitor renal function are associated with cardiovascular and renal events and mortality in people with diabetes.",
"A PAP of 20 cmH2O seems most suitable for successful RIJV catheterisation in mechanically ventilated patients. It is associated with an increase in cross-sectional RIJV area and CVP, which facilitate cannulation, and results in fewer puncture-related complications. However, meticulous haemodynamic monitoring is needed to avoid hypotension and bradycardia.",
"In 114 patients with peripheral lung lesions transthoracic needle biopsy was performed under USG control. This method enabled to achieve positive results in more than 90% of cases. Transthoracic needle biopsy is a simple diagnostic method which allows without serious complications to establish histo-pathological diagnosis of thoracic peripheral tumors.",
"Weight loss was similar between diets, but only the high-fat diet increased LDL-cholesterol concentrations. This effect was related to the lack of suppression of both fasting and 24-h FFAs.",
"In this large cohort of children, incidental intracranial findings were identified for 6.6%, with potentially serious or urgent findings for 0.6%.",
"Novel EGM signal analysis techniques reveal that ibutilide administration causes increased complexity in the atrial electrical activation pattern with decreasing rate. These findings may be explained by the progressive destabilization of higher frequency, more homogeneous primary drivers of AF over the course of ibutilide administration, and/or less uniform propagation of atrial activation, until AF maintenance becomes more difficult and either transforms to atrial tachycardia or terminates to SR.",
"Although evidence is accumulating that hydroxycarbamide decreases mortality among adults with sickle cell disease (SCD), there are no published data regarding the effect of hydroxycarbamide on mortality among children. The Paediatric Hydroxycarbamide Program was established to treat children with SCD aged 3-18 years if they met disease severity criteria. Mortality data and clinical/laboratorial effects of hydroxycarbamide were retrospectively collected for the first 9 years of the Program. Mortality among those who received hydroxycarbamide was compared to that of untreated children. Among 1760 subjects, 267 received hydroxycarbamide at a median dose of 20·8 mg/kg/d (range 10-32) for a median of 2 years (range 0·1-6·5). Survival among hydroxycarbamide-treated children was significantly greater than that among untreated ones (99·5% vs. 94·5%, P = 0·01), due primarily to fewer deaths from acute chest syndrome and infection. Hydroxycarbamide therapy was significantly associated with increases in haemoglobin concentration, fetal haemoglobin, mean corpuscular volume, and reduction in platelet counts, reticulocytes and neutrophils. Toxicity was minimal and predominantly mild reversible neutropenia. Significantly fewer hospitalizations and emergency room visits, and shorter admissions were observed among hydroxycarbamide-treated subjects, when compared to the 12-month period prior to treatment initiation. Hydroxycarbamide therapy reduces disease severity and is probably associated with decreased mortality among children with SCD.",
"Many efficacy endpoints have been used in clinical trials of acute migraine pharmacotherapy. Headache response or headache relief (i.e., moderate/severe pain reduced to mild/no pain) at a single, specified time-point, traditionally the primary endpoint, and headache recurrence (i.e., return of pain after initial postdose relief) are inadequate. Headache relief does not provide information about pain-free response and counts a partial response as a treatment success. Headache recurrence can reflect sustained efficacy but is confounded by initial response to treatment, because ineffective drugs have low recurrence rates. The International Headache Society (IHS) guidelines state that 2 hour pain-free response and sustained pain-free response (i.e., freedom from pain with no recurrence or use of rescue or study medication 2-24 hours postdose) provide the most clinically relevant information about the efficacy of migraine pharmacotherapy. The pain-free criterion counts partial responses as failures and thus is a more rigorous test of therapeutic benefit than headache relief, and the two endpoints together incorporate the main treatment attributes that determine patient satisfaction. As an example, consider needle-free subcutaneous sumatriptan and oral triptan tablets. An open-label study of needle-free subcutaneous sumatriptan by Cady and colleagues found that 2 hour pain-free response and sustained pain-free response were 64% and 42% respectively. For oral triptan tablets, the 2001 metaanalysis by Ferrari and colleagues reported 2 hour pain-free response rates ranging from 23% to 38% and sustained pain-free response rates ranging from 11% to 26%. The measures of pain-free response 2 hours postdose and sustained pain-free response can differentiate among treatments and be used to guide therapeutic choices.",
"Microalbuminuria and insulin therapy are associated with the risk of DR in Chinese patients with T2DM. C(-106)T polymorphism of the ALR gene may not be significantly associated with DR in Chinese patients with T2DM.",
"In marked contrast to patients with AMI, most patients with UA do not exhibit relevant hs-cTn changes. The minority of UA with hs-cTn changes, however, has a significantly worse short- and long-term outcome.",
"Our results support previous findings that this BCG challenge model is able to detect differences in antimycobacterial immunity induced by vaccination and could aid in the selection of candidate tuberculosis vaccines for field efficacy testing.",
"Contrary to previous reports, the CS size and morphology of patients with AVNRT did not differ from that of AVRT or control patients.",
"Predialytic NTpro-BNP levels fail to adequately diagnose current dialysis-induced myocardial stunning, but help to identify patients with a propensity to develop dialysis-induced myocardial stunning at any time during the next 12 months.",
"Quartiles of NT-proBNP were: Q1, ≤363 ng/l; Q2, 364 to 713 ng/l; Q3, 714 to 1,250 ng/l; and Q4, >1,250 ng/l. During 1.9 years, the annual rates of stroke or systemic embolism ranged from 0.74% in the bottom NT-proBNP quartile to 2.21% in the top quartile, an adjusted hazard ratio of 2.35 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.62 to 3.40; p < 0.0001). Annual rates of cardiac death ranged from 0.86% in Q1 to 4.14% in Q4, with an adjusted hazard ratio of 2.50 (95% CI: 1.81 to 3.45; p < 0.0001). Adding NT-proBNP levels to the CHA2DS2VASc score improved C-statistics from 0.62 to 0.65 (p = 0.0009) for stroke or systemic embolism and from 0.59 to 0.69 for cardiac death (p < 0.0001). Apixaban reduced stroke, mortality, and bleeding regardless of the NT-proBNP level.",
"We explored the utility of T-wave alternans (TWA) in predicting mortality in patients with non-ST-segment elevation acute coronary syndrome (NSTEACS). Maximum TWA was calculated using Modified Moving Average method from continuous electrocardiographic recordings in patients with left ventricular ejection fraction <40% and ventricular tachycardia (VT) ≥4 beats during index hospitalization or sudden cardiac death during the follow-up year and age- and sex-matched controls in the Metabolic Efficiency with Ranolazine for Less Ischemia in Non-ST Elevation Acute Coronary Syndrome-Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction (MERLIN-TIMI) 36 trial. All patients received standard therapy for NSTEACS plus ranolazine (n = 109) or placebo (n = 101). Median follow-up was 1 year. Baseline clinical characteristics did not differ between patients with elevated TWA (≥47 μV) compared with lower levels. Patients with TWA ≥47 μV at admission had increased risk of total mortality (adjusted odds ratio [ORadj] 2.35, p = 0.04) during follow-up and VT ≥4 beats (ORadj 2.70, p = 0.01) during hospitalization with a trend toward increased cardiovascular death risk (ORadj 2.18, p = 0.07) during follow-up. In patients receiving placebo, TWA ≥47 μV on day 6 was associated with increased risk of total mortality (OR 4.12, 95% confidence interval 1.25 to 13.64, p = 0.02) and cardiovascular death (OR 4.73, p = 0.01) during follow-up. No deaths occurred among patients with TWA ≥47 μV assigned to ranolazine. In conclusion, in patients with NSTEACS and left ventricular ejection fraction <40%, TWA ≥47 μV early after admission is associated with increased risk of mortality at 1 year and with nonsustained VT during hospitalization. TWA may be useful in risk estimation in patients with NSTEACS. The possibility that TWA may serve as a therapeutic target deserves further exploration.",
"null",
"URL: http://www.isrctn.org. Unique identifier ISRCTN61646154.",
"Strategies to ensure that women receive appropriate TB evaluation could provide a valuable opportunity for increasing case detection while also promoting equitable and universal access to care.",
"The findings from this small pilot comparative study suggest that intravitreal ranibizumab use may be a safe and potentially effective adjunctive treatment modality in improving success after Ahmed tube placement.",
"This study showed that BAK-preserved travoprost 0.004% is an effective medication in newly diagnosed POAG patients, but its long-term use may negatively influence ocular surface health by disrupting the tear film stability. Further studies are needed to better understand the clinical effects of different preservative types and concentrations on the ocular surface.",
"Treatment of specific acupoints in Shaoyang meridians is more cost-effective than that of non-acupoints, representing a dramatic improvement in the quality of life of people with migraine and a significant reduction in cost. Compared with the other 3 groups, Shaoyang-specific acupuncture is a relatively cost-effective treatment for migraine prophylaxis in China.",
"In high-burden countries, QFT-GIT is comparable to TST and offers no added advantage in the diagnosis of childhood intrathoracic TB.",
"Minster Pharmaceuticals; Lundbeck Foundation.",
"TST is a reliable and cost-effective method for the diagnosis of LTBI in patients prior to anti-TNF therapy. Moreover, chemoprophylaxis with INH seems to be effective for the prevention of TB reactivation in individuals with LTBI.",
"The peer-based intervention was not significantly associated with LTBI treatment completion, but was associated with greater adherence. Findings suggest the importance of interventions to support adherence that target early non-adherence with LTBI treatment, particularly in the first 2 months, when there is a substantial risk of default.",
"A total of 52 subjects were enrolled (mean age, 28 years), and 45 received all 4 treatments. The placebo-corrected, baseline-adjusted, mean increases in QTcF with naloxegol 25 and 150 mg were both <5 msec at each time point, and all upper limits of the 2-sided 90% CI were <10 msec. Similar findings were observed using QTcB; the upper limits of the 2-sided 90% CI were <10 msec at all time points after dosing with naloxegol 25 or 150 mg. With moxifloxacin 400 mg, mean QTcF was increased by a maximum of 11.1 msec (90% CI, 9.3-12.9 msec), supporting assay sensitivity.",
"Results of this study lend support to a complex relationship between mood and headache in children with migraine. More research is needed to further elucidate the temporal nature of this relationship within a given day and over an extended period of time.",
"Patients who develop STEMI while in-hospital represent a unique, high-risk subset of patients. They have increased treatment time and lengths of stay and higher mortality rates than the patients presenting via emergency medical services or who are self/family driven.",
"Many screening tests are risk-based, not universal, leaving physicians to determine who should have a further workup. This can be a time-consuming process. The authors demonstrated that the CHICA system performs well in assessing risk automatically for TB and iron-deficiency anemia.",
"It is possible that patients in the no water seal group did not have sufficient time for a possible PTX to evolve, which resulted in a larger and more significant PTX requiring another CT. Although there was no difference in chest tube duration between the no water seal and water seal groups, a short trial of water seal appears to allow occult air leaks to become clinically apparent and reduces the need for another CT.",
"Interpleural block was effective in decreasing pain and opioid requirements during and after percutaneous biliary drainage and did not compromise the cardiopulmonary status of the patient. However, the rate of pneumothorax was higher than previously reported.",
"TLTBI is effective in preventing the development of TB in HIV-infected patients, particularly in those who were TST-positive.",
"An advanced age, a history of trauma secondary to syncope, and the detection of periods of asymptomatic bradycardia during conventional ECG monitoring were independent predictive factors for bradyarrhythmias requiring pacemaker implantation in patients receiving an ILR for US.",
"The intra-operative and post-operative use of 5-FU in trabeculectomy is almost equally effective in terms of IOP control and bleb characteristics.",
"Diagnosis of TB is challenging in young children, with high rates of extra-pulmonary and meningeal disease. While the data on DR-TB are limited by the small sample size, they are however concerning, and additional studies are needed to more accurately define the prevalence of DR strains in this vulnerable population.",
"Among patients without diabetes presenting with STEMI and undergoing primary PCI, the use of metformin compared with placebo did not result in improved LVEF after 4 months. The present findings do not support the use of metformin in this setting.",
"Results of this first study focused on HOCM patients aged ≤ 50 years who underwent ASA suggest a low risk of all-cause death or appropriate implantable cardioverter-defibrillator discharge in the long-term follow-up.",
"ISRCTN93952605.",
"A total of 5380 patients underwent randomization and were followed for up to 40 months (median, 18 months). A primary end-point event occurred in 305 patients assigned to alogliptin (11.3%) and in 316 patients assigned to placebo (11.8%) (hazard ratio, 0.96; upper boundary of the one-sided repeated confidence interval, 1.16; P<0.001 for noninferiority). Glycated hemoglobin levels were significantly lower with alogliptin than with placebo (mean difference, -0.36 percentage points; P<0.001). Incidences of hypoglycemia, cancer, pancreatitis, and initiation of dialysis were similar with alogliptin and placebo.",
"Medical Research Council (UK); Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Vaccine Modelling Initiative; Wellcome Trust.",
"Two groups of patients with sickle-cell disease were given a single dose of sodium cromoglicate by inhalation or nasal route. The striking decrease in sickle cells after treatment by both routes lends support to the role of sodium cromoglicate in sickle-cell disease treatment.",
"Insulin-naive people with T2DM beginning aspart premix insulin in routine clinical practice in non-western nations had clinically useful improvements in blood glucose control after 24 weeks in all seven regions. Improvements from baseline for glucose control variables were greater than cross-regional differences in those variables at 24 weeks.",
"Endoscopic transthoracic sympathectomy is an effective form of treatment for palmar primary hyperhidrosis, is associated with a low morbidity, and can be performed as an ambulatory procedure.",
"Patients with sickle cell anemia were treated with daily doses of hydroxyurea, to assess pharmacokinetics, toxicity, and increase in fetal hemoglobin (Hb) production in response to the drug. Plasma hydroxyurea clearances were not a useful guide to maximum tolerated doses of the drug. The mean daily single oral dose that could be maintained for at least 16 weeks was 21 mg/kg (range, 10 to 35 mg/kg). Among 32 patients, last HbF levels were 1.9% to 26.3% (mean, 14.9%) with increases in HbF over initial values of 1.4% to 20.2% (mean, 11.2%). The most significant predictors of last HbF were last plasma hydroxyurea level, initial white blood count and initial HbF concentration. Last HbF was not related to beta globin haplotype or alpha globin gene number. No serious toxicity was encountered. Clinically significant bone marrow depression was avoided, and chromosome abnormalities after 2 years of treatment were no greater than those observed before treatment. The period of observation has been too short to evaluate the risk of carcinogenesis. Patient's red cells developed striking macrocytosis. Median red cell Hb concentrations did not change. Hb concentrations increased, on average 1.2 g/dL, but serum erythropoietin levels increased. Patients' body weights increased, and some returned to work or school, but no conclusions regarding therapeutic efficacy could be drawn from this uncontrolled open-label study.",
"The current guidelines most strongly support cardiac resynchronization therapy (CRT) for patients with heart failure with a QRS width of ≥150 ms and left bundle branch block (LBBB). Our objective was to assess the potential benefit of echocardiographically guided left ventricular (LV) lead positioning for patients with a QRS width <150 ms or non-LBBB as a substudy of the Speckle Tracking Assisted Resynchronization Therapy for Electrode Region (STARTER) prospective, randomized controlled trial. The STARTER trial randomized 187 patients with heart failure, a QRS of ≥120 ms, and ejection fraction of ≤35% to LV lead guided to the site of latest mechanical activation by speckle tracking radial strain versus routine implantation. The predefined primary end point was heart failure hospitalization or death within 2 years. This substudy included 151 CRT patients with matching echocardiographic and LV lead position data and complete follow-up data. Patients with a QRS width of 120 to 149 ms or non-LBBB and LV lead concordant or adjacent to the site of latest mechanical activation had favorable outcomes after CRT similar to those with LBBB or a QRS width of ≥150 ms. In contrast, patients with a QRS of 120 to 149 ms or non-LBBB and remote LV leads had unfavorable outcomes (hazard ratio 5.45, 95% confidence interval 2.36 to 12.6, p <0.001, and hazard ratio 4.92, 95% confidence interval 2.12 to 11.39, p <0.001, respectively, with significant interaction after adjusting for baseline variables, p = 0.038 and p = 0.008). In conclusion, LV lead positioning with respect to the echocardiographic site of latest activation was significantly associated with more favorable clinical outcomes in patients with a QRS duration <150 ms and/or non-LBBB. Additional prospective study is warranted.",
"isrctn.org Identifier: ISRCTN17691887.",
"The benefits to HIV/TB co-infected patients receiving rifabutin 150 mg three times weekly or every other day may outweigh the risks of neutropenia observed here in non-HIV-infected subjects, provided that patients on combination therapy will be closely monitored for safety and tolerability.",
"To assess whether rinsing with oral antiseptics before sputum collection would reduce contamination of mycobacterial cultures, 120 patients with suspected tuberculosis were randomly assigned to rinse with chlorhexidine or cetylpyridinium mouthwash before collection. The culture contamination rate was significantly lower after rinsing with chlorhexidine before collection, especially for cultures grown in MGIT medium.",
"Statin use is not associated with an altered risk of surgical site infection. Prevention efforts should be directed toward other evidence-based strategies.",
"Atrial fibrillation is common among critically ill patients with sepsis. Acute factors, rather than preexisting cardiovascular comorbid conditions, are associated with increased risk for newly diagnosed AF during sepsis, suggesting that mechanisms of newly diagnosed AF during sepsis may differ from the general population of patients with AF.",
"The aim of this study was to assess whether a 2 mm mini-videothoracoscope could be used as a conventional videothoracoscope in the management of pneumothorax. Thirty patients of ages from 15 to 35 years with recurrent or persistent pneumothorax were involved in this study. The subjects consisted of 27 males and three females. The indications for videothoracoscopic surgery were ipsilateral recurrent pneumothorax in 12 (40%), persistent air leakage in 15 (50%), visible bullae in 2 (6%), and 1 bilateral pneumothorax (3%). The mean operation time was 42.9+/-12.9 min. The average number of uses for Endo-GIA was 1.9+/-1.3 times and chest tube indwelling time was 3.8+/-2.7 days. The average amount of keptoprofen (100 mg/2 mL/ampule) used on the first postoperative day was 1.2+/-1.1 ampules. No parenteral opioids were given to the patients for pain control after the procedures. After a follow up of 8 to 20 months, there was only one recurrence among the patients. In conclusion, a 2 mm videothoracoscope, in selective cases, can be successfully used as conventional videothoracoscope to manage persistent or recurrent pneumothorax with cosmetically excellent results.",
"The results of this study, though not statistically significant, support prior evidences of an antiarrhythmic effect of n-3PUFA in patients with ICD, although they leave open the issue of whether this effect leads to a survival benefit.",
"We observed a significant decrease on HIT-6 total score, as well as MIDAS number of missed days, number of headache days, and pain intensity. More than 70% of patients experienced a minimum 50% reduction on pain frequency.",
"This study provides Class III evidence that in patients with a history of previous ICH and AF, percutaneous LAAO is safe and feasible.",
"Both the VF and the optic disc must be monitored with equal diligence, because either may show the first evidence of glaucomatous damage. Changes in the ONH based on stereophotographic observation (rim thinning, hemorrhage, or a slight increase in C/D ratio) and VF changes (evidence of a nasal step/partial arcuate defect or an increase in PSD) suggest that these cases have an increased risk of developing glaucoma. Confirmation of such subtle findings should be sought through repeat testing and correlation with other clinical results.",
"According to the promising results of the Phase I and Phase IIA clinical trials with the herbal medicinal product PR 259 CT1 consisting of an 80 % ethanolic extract of the stem bark of Nauclea pobeguinii containing 5.6 % strictosamide, a Phase IIB study was conducted as a single blind prospective trial in 65 patients with proven Plasmodium falciparum malaria to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of this herbal drug. The study was carried out simultaneously using an artesunate-amodiaquine combination (Coarsucam®) as a positive control. This combination is the standard first-line treatment for uncomplicated malaria recommended by the National Programme of Malaria Control in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DR Congo). With regard to PR 259 CT1, patients were treated with a drug regimen of two 500-mg capsules three times daily for three days in the inpatient clinic, followed by out-patient treatment of one 500-mg capsule three times daily during the next four days; the positive control group received two tablets containing 100 mg artesunate and 270 mg amodiaquine (fixed-dose) once daily during three consecutive days. Antimalarial responses were evaluated according to the WHO 2003 guideline for a 14-day test. The results from the physical and laboratory examinations did not show any significant changes in values of vital signs, ECG, biochemical, and haematological parameters. The study showed a significant decreased parasitaemia in patients treated with PR 29 CT1 and artesunate-amodiaquine with adequate clinical parasitological responses (APCR) at day 14 of 87.9 and 96.9 %, respectively. The former product was better tolerated than the latter since more side effects were observed for the artesunate-amodiaquine combination. These results indicated that PR 259 CT1 can be considered as a promising candidate for the development of a herbal medicine for the treatment of uncomplicated falciparum malaria.",
"We compared complications of pulmonary artery catheter (PAC) insertion and maintenance at internal jugular (IJ) vs. subclavian (SC) sites. Patients were randomized into groups using an IJ or SC route, and insertions were timed. An air-permeable dressing and anticontamination shield were used. Catheters were removed 72 h after insertion. If PAC monitoring was still needed, a new catheter was either inserted over a guidewire at the initial insertion site or inserted at a new site. On removal, the catheter tip, introducer-sheath tip, and catheter within the shield were submitted for semiquantitative culture. Sixty-six catheters were initially inserted, and 26 were changed. No determinative differences in the time for venous cannulation were found, but the IJ route was slightly faster. In 3% of the catheterizations, serious complications arose. The infection rate was 2% for initial catheters, 8% for second catheters placed over a guidewire, and 15% for second catheters placed at a new site. These differences were not consequential. No local infection or catheter-related sepsis occurred. Thus, using a standard, sterile-insertion technique and a catheter-maintenance protocol yielded a low risk of insertion and infectious complications at either the IJ or SC site. Our data indicated that PACs can be changed safely over a guidewire at 72 h, avoiding further insertion risks without increasing infectious complications.",
"LGE extent may provide further risk stratification in patients with NIDC with a current indication for ICD implantation for the primary prevention of SCD. Strategic guidance on ICD therapy by cardiac magnetic resonance in patients with NIDC warrants further study.",
"Our randomized controlled trial has shown no significant reduction in serum urate following 3months treatment with therapeutic or placebo CPAP.",
"MedAd data were available on 153 of the 191 subjects who started randomized study medication. MedAd was 101.7% of volume prescribed, with 88.9% of subjects taking at least 80% of doses. VAd data were available on 185 of the 191 subjects who started randomized study medication. VAd was 97.3%, with 82.2% of subjects having no missed visits. During dose titration, subjects had on average 12.9% higher medication adherence than subjects who were on a stable dose and had less frequent study visits. MedAd and VAd were not significantly associated with SES.",
"Travoprost 0.004% without BAC is equivalent to travoprost 0.004% with BAC in both safety and efficacy.",
"We studied the efficacy of rheosorbilact, an original infusion drug based on polyalcohols, in the complex therapy of patients with brain ischemia and diabetic neuropathy. Reosorbilact was used intravenously indrops 200-400 ml in day - 20 days. The primary endpoint of the study was the improvement of quality of life assessed with the SF-36 scale after 1 month of treatment. Patients with brain ischemia underwent neuropsychological tests and ultrasound duplex scanning of the carotid and vertebral arteries. In the group of patients with diabetic neuropathy, we evaluated the intensity of pain syndrome with the NRS, blood glucose level and electroneuromyography parameters of low extremities nerves. Some characteristics of acid-base balance were studied in patients of both groups. The results obtained in the study indicate the significant clinical effect of reosorbilact in patients with brain ischemia and diabetic neuropathy.",
"In patients with paroxysmal AF undergoing ablation, DiFi from the PVs after their isolation was associated with improved ablation outcomes. It is possible that DiFi is an indicator of successful durable isolation of the PVs. The findings suggest that confirmation of exit block may be warranted to improve AF ablation outcomes.",
"Two different self-help training programs (multimodal cognitive-behavioral training (CBT) and applied relaxation (AR)) presented via the Internet were compared with an educational intervention (EDU) in an RCT. Sixty-five children and adolescents (mean age: 12.7 years) with recurrent headache (at least 2 attacks per month) were each assigned to one of the three treatment conditions. The main outcome variables related to changes in headache frequency, intensity and duration as well as the responder rate (50% reduction of headache frequency) and NNTs. Secondary outcome variables were pain catastrophizing and general well-being (depression, psychopathological symptoms and health-related quality of life). All groups showed significant reduction in headache frequency, duration and pain catastrophizing, but not in headache intensity, depression, psychopathological symptoms or health-related quality of life at post-assessment. NNTs were 2.0 for the comparison CBT and EDU; 5.2 for the comparison of AR and EDU at post-treatment. The highest responder rates at post were from CBT (63%), significantly different compared to AR (32%) and EDU (19%), whereas at follow-up no significant differences were found (CBT: 63%, AR: 56%, EDU: 55%) reflecting in the NNTs. The effects remain stable in headache frequency, pain catastrophizing and psychopathological symptoms across all groups at follow-up assessment. CBT showed the highest within-effect size in headache frequency, duration and pain catastrophizing. The results support the use of Internet programs for pediatric recurrent headache, especially given their accessibility and suitability for children and adolescents. Further studies are needed to improve their quality and efficacy.",
"Air leak in newborn infants requiring mechanical ventilation is associated with increased risks of death or future morbidity, but the magnitude of these risks changes with postnatal age at the time of diagnosis of the air leak. Failure to consider the age at which the air leak is detected may miss changes in its prognostic implications and may partly explain inconsistent results in previous studies.",
"CMR parameters that have been associated with myocardial fibrosis were related to older age in the MESA study. Women had higher ECV than men but less ECV change over time.",
"Bausch & Lomb latanoprost 0.005% is clinically equivalent to Xalatan for treating OH and POAG as demonstrated through this unique comparative trial.",
"A comprehensive migraine intervention, when compared to typical care, did not improve HIT-6 scores (a validated measure of the effect of migraine on one's daily life) 1 month after ED discharge. Future work is needed to define a migraine intervention that is practical and useful in an ED, where many underserved patients, of necessity, present for care.",
"The treatment effects of apixaban (vs warfarin) were not modified by VKA naivety. The rates of stroke/systemic embolism and major bleeding were numerically lower among the patients assigned to apixaban, irrespective of prior VKA use.",
"In community-based outpatients with AF, use of OAC was high and driven by not only predominantly stroke but also bleeding risk. Stroke risk significantly affects OAC use among those with low bleeding risk, whereas those with high bleeding risk demonstrate consistently lower use of OAC regardless of stroke risk.",
"There were positive correlations between plasma catecholamine concentrations, systolic blood pressure values, and infusion rates of sodium nitroprusside. The comparison of the two anaesthetic techniques resulted in a significant reduction of antihypertensive therapy and more stable haemodynamics in patients with total intravenous anaesthesia. However, the beneficial effect of this anaesthesia regimen has to be proven on a larger basis of patients in a randomized manner.",
"The digital and continuous air leak measurement reduces the hospital length of stay by a more accurate and reproductive air leaks measurement. Further studies are mandatory to corroborate our preliminary results.",
"Tuberculous meningitis (TBM) and acute bacterial meningitis (ABM) cause substantial mortality and morbidity in both children and adults. Identification of poor prognostic factors at patient's admission could prepare physicians for more aggressive monitoring of patients with meningitis. The objective of this study was to determine the predictive value of neurological features to differentiate ABM and TBM. A retrospective study was conducted between patients affected with ABM or TBM admitted to three teaching hospitals during the last 14 years in Zahedan the central city of Sistan and Balouchestan province (Iran). The neurological features include seizure, level of consciousness, stroke, focal neurologic deficit and cranial nerve palsy at the time of admission. Mean age for patients with TBM and ABM were 41 ± 22.4 and 24 ± 18.5 years respectively. In univariate analysis, all measured variables revealed significant difference between ABM and TBM patients except for seizure episodes. Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed positive predictive effect of cranial nerve palsy (AOR=1.980, CI 95%: 1.161-3.376) on the diagnosis of TBM. In our study cranial nerve palsies was the most important neurological predictor factor to differentiate TBM from ABM.",
"We found a high prevalence of migraine in patients with an ASD, and observed prospectively a reduction in the occurrence of migraine, especially migraine with aura, 1 year after percutaneous closure.",
"This is the first study to show infectious disease-related differences in the adaptation of glucose metabolism to fasting in young children. It was found that basal glucose concentration and endogenous glucose production were higher in children with malaria. The increase in plasma glucose concentration and endogenous glucose production in response to glucagon was higher in children with malaria, indicating smaller glycogen stores in children with pneumonia.",
"Migraine is often a chronic and disabling disorder. The objective of our study was to assess the efficacy and safety of gabapentin in the prophylaxis of migraine in patients refractory to other prophylactic treatments. The study included 67 migraine patients, 55 women and 12 men; 52 patients completed this prospective, open-label study. Patients were given 900-1800 mg of gabapentin in 3 doses; the mean duration of treatment was 7.2 months. Reduction in the number of days with headache, pain intensity and number of acute medications was assessed through patient diary. The mean number of migraine days/4 weeks was reduced from 15.8 to 8.6, yielding a reduction of 7.2 migraine days/4 weeks (P=0.001). Pain intensity was reduced by 25% in 14 (26.9%), by 50% in 29 (55.7%) and by 75% in three (5.7%) patients, whereas no improvement was reported by six (11.5%) patients at the end of follow up. A significant reduction was recorded in acute medication use (P=0.001). Adverse events were reported by 32/67 (47.8%) patients, in 15 (22.4%) of them causing discontinuation of the drug. The most frequently reported adverse events were drowsiness, dizziness and slowness. Prophylactic treatment with gabapentin was found to be associated with a significant reduction in the number of days with headache, use of acute medications and pain intensity.",
"Choroidal thickness was found to be significantly increased in migraine patients during the attack period when compared to basal levels. The possible implications of this finding on the association between migraine and glaucoma are discussed.",
"We demonstrated reduced successful electrical cardioversion of RAFF when patients were pretreated with either rate or rhythm control medication. Although rate control medication was not associated with increased success of chemical cardioversion, use of procainamide was. Slowing the ventricular rate prior to cardioversion should be avoided.",
"(1) sickle cell disease patients with anaemia and pulmonary hypertension have significant exercise limitation; (2) the 6-min walk distance may be a valid endpoint in this population; (3) therapy with sildenafil appears safe and improves pulmonary hypertension and exercise capacity. Additional phase I studies in males with sickle cell disease followed by phase II/III placebo controlled trials evaluating the safety and efficacy of sildenafil therapy in sickle cell disease patients with pulmonary hypertension are warranted.",
"Some of the personality traits that can be detected with the Salamanca questionnaire are very common in patients with migraine. In our series, the anankastic trait is related with the presence of chronic migraine.",
"Zolmitriptan 2.5 mg oral tablet is effective and well tolerated as a short-term preventative therapy for menstrual migraine attacks.",
"null",
"Recently, a new latanoprost ophthalmic solution containing cyclodextrins was developed. The purpose of the present work was to compare the stability, clinical efficacy, and adverse effect profile of this formulation with the innovator product. The innovator formulation was stable at 4 degrees C but exhibited degradation at higher temperatures, whereas the cyclodextrin-containing formulation was stable at temperatures up to 40 degrees C. Formulations were assayed in a randomized double-blind clinical study in patients with primary open-angle glaucoma and/or ocular hypertension. Both latanoprost ophthalmic solutions produced comparable reduction of intraocular pressure. Conjunctival hyperemia was observed in 11.9% and 11.3% of the patients treated with the innovator and the cyclodextrin-containing formulations, respectively. There were no significant differences between the 2 ophthalmic solutions in efficacy or in the measured adverse effect. It is concluded that these 2 latanoprost ophthalmic solutions yield comparable efficacy and adverse effect outcomes. The cyclodextrin-containing formulation, however, has an improved stability.",
"Latanoprost seemed to induce a uniform reduction in IOP during the 24-hour period, although timolol was as effective as latanoprost during the daytime, and dorzolamide are as effective as latanoprost at night. SBP and DBP were significantly decreased by either timolol or brimonidine. In this study of patients with newly diagnosed POAG, only dorzolamide and latanoprost significantly increased mean 24-hour DOPP.",
"Despite increases in precision of the treatment effect, eGFR declines less than a doubling of serum creatinine value did not consistently improve statistical power of the clinical trials due to attenuation of the treatment effect. Attenuation of the treatment effect appears to be due in part to acute effects of ARBs on eGFR. These findings should be taken into account when using lesser eGFR declines as alternative end points for clinical trials.",
"A negative correlation between low testosterone and dysmetabolic features was observed. Independent of metabolic status, low plasma testosterone seems to be an indicator of impaired maximal exercise capacity and cardiac hypertrophy among CAD patients with type II diabetes.",
"The 1148 patients had a median age of 30 years and a median CD4 cell count of 484 per cubic millimeter. Incidence rates of active tuberculosis or death were 3.1 per 100 person-years in the rifapentine-isoniazid group, 2.9 per 100 person-years in the rifampin-isoniazid group, and 2.7 per 100 person-years in the continuous-isoniazid group, as compared with 3.6 per 100 person-years in the control group (P>0.05 for all comparisons). Serious adverse reactions were more common in the continuous-isoniazid group (18.4 per 100 person-years) than in the other treatment groups (8.7 to 15.4 per 100 person-years). Two of 58 isolates of Mycobacterium tuberculosis (3.4%) were found to have multidrug resistance.",
"These results suggest that cetuximab can be safely administered as a single agent without risk of effect on QTc interval.",
"It seems that the QFT, alone or combined with the TST, is a safe method for the diagnosis of LTI and its use would contribute to a more specific selection of individuals who would need preventive treatment.",
"The need to change AA was associated with physical/psychological disabilities that seemed not to be relieved simply by changing AAs, and this should be considered as a marker for refractory paroxysmal AF requiring other strategies.",
"Immunocompromised patients such as those with end-stage kidney failure under-going hemodialysis (HD) are at increased risk of developing tuberculosis (TB). For this reason, routine TB screening of HD patients with tuberculin test has been recommended. The Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has recommended that patients with chronic renal failure should undergo annual skin testing for TB with tuberculin [purified protein derivative (PPD)], with an induration of ≥10 mm at 48 h depicting a positive reaction. The aim of this study was to compare the results of two different doses of PPD in dialysis patients. This descriptive and comparative multicenter study was performed on 255 patients on chronic dialysis in Tabriz, Iran. These patients did not have the PPD test done within the preceding one year. Patients were divided into two groups randomly and conventional or double-dose tuberculin test was performed using the Mantoux technique with 5 IU (group 1) and 10 IU (group 2) of PPD. Results were interpreted 48-72 h after injection. Patients were divided into those with less than 10 mm and those with ≥10 mm duration. Mean age was 44.6 ± 15 years (M/F = 1.5/1). The mean duration on dialysis was 39 ± 7 months. There was no significant difference regarding the age, gender, dura-tion on dialysis, causes of chronic kidney disease, erythrocyte sedimentation rate, C-reactive protein and serum albumin between the two groups. The mean induration was 4.6 mm and 7.7 mm in groups 1 and 2, respectively. There was induration ≥10 mm in 19.6% and 25.5% of group 1 and 2, respectively, which showed a significant difference (P <0.05). In conclusion, because of the high frequency of TB in dialysis patients, an annual tuberculin test may be recommended. Our study showed that the double-dose tuberculin test may be a better substitute to the conventional test in dialysis patients.",
"In atrial fibrillation patients who temporarily or permanently discontinued anticoagulation, the risk of stroke or non-CNS embolism was similar with rivaroxaban or warfarin. An increased risk of stroke and non-CNS embolism was observed in rivaroxaban-treated patients compared with warfarin-treated patients after the end of the study, underscoring the importance of therapeutic anticoagulation coverage during such a transition.",
"Patients with DM are not at increased risk for the development of lung cancer, but the use of antidiabetes drugs would considerably decrease the risk. In this cohort, male sex, age, pulmonary tuberculosis, and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease were all associated with an increased risk of lung cancer, consistent with findings in the literature and indicative of the validity of our study.",
"Brinzolamide/timolol FC is associated with reduced topical discomfort and improved signs of ocular surface disease. The good tolerability and comfort of this FC might contribute to good patient adherence.",
"In the overall group, topiramate was found to be effective in reducing the frequency and the severity of vertigo and headache attacks. Both doses of the drug were equally efficacious. The 50 mg/day dose seems to be appropriate as higher adverse effects were noted when 100 mg/day was used.",
"Limitations in study design and assessment tools employed may have contributed to the inconclusive nature of the primary end point data. Dysport-240 showed significant benefit over placebo at some end points and further trials with more appropriate outcome measures are required to evaluate effectively this treatment.",
"We suggest that the hyperviscous state of the hemodialysis patients may arise from the inflammatory situation of long term HD, the calcium-phosphorus mineral abnormalities, rHuEPO hyporesponsiveness, and related high dosage requirements.",
"The case definition developed for the pivotal phase III RTS, S vaccine study is consistent with WHO recommendations, is locally applicable and appropriately balances sensitivity and specificity in the diagnosis of severe malaria. Processes set up to standardize severe malaria data collection will allow robust assessment of the efficacy of the RTS, S vaccine against severe malaria, strengthen local capacity and benefit patient care for subjects in the trial.",
"Inflammation was associated with insulin resistance in diabetic patients. No anti-inflammatory effect of Calcitriol in terms of decreasing hsCRP, IL-6 and IL-18 detected.",
"Our findings indicate high lifetime bleeding risk associated with warfarin treatment for patients with ischemic stroke. Risk stratification scores are useful to identify patients at high risk of developing bleeding complications and should be recalculated at regular intervals to evaluate the bleeding risk in anticoagulated patients with ischemic stroke.",
"NT-proBNP was a major independent risk marker for stroke. Considering this and other data for stroke, coronary disease, and atrial fibrillation, the clinical use of NT-proBNP measurement in primary prevention settings should be considered.",
"Tachycardia-mediated cardiomyopathy patients exhibit differences in LV structure and function including diffuse fibrosis long after arrhythmia cure, indicating that recovery is incomplete.",
"Outcomes in ACD improved significantly among recipients of a generic, technology-based intervention. Technology can deliver transition interventions to adolescents with diverse chronic illnesses, and a generic approach offers a cost-effective means of positively influencing transition outcomes. Further research is needed to determine whether improved short-term outcomes translate into an improved transition for ACD.",
"null",
"Intravenous administration of NIF seems to be feasible as a potential therapy for advanced cardiac life-support in patients with out-of-hospital VF, and therefore further study is warranted.",
"INR can be safely maintained between 1.5 and 2.0 after aortic valve replacement with this approved bileaflet mechanical prosthesis. With low-dose aspirin, this resulted in a significantly lower risk of bleeding, without a significant increase in thromboembolism.",
"The combination of P with H and standard chemotherapy resulted in low rates of symptomatic LVSD.",
"Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN 24820584.",
"Among patients with AF undergoing catheter ablation, atrial tissue fibrosis estimated by delayed enhancement MRI was independently associated with likelihood of recurrent arrhythmia. The clinical implications of this association warrant further investigation.",
"Coadministration of fimasartan with digoxin does not result in clinically significant changes of digoxin pharmacokinetics at steady-state in healthy subjects.",
"Timolol 0.5% eye drop and 0.1% timolol eye gel effectively reduced IOP in chronic angle-closure glaucoma patients. There was no statistically significant difference in the ocular hypotensive effect of both drugs over a 24-hour period. There was no ocular side effect. Systemic side effect was clinically insignificant difference in both groups.",
"All the IVCM and impression cytology parameters correlated well with the conjunctival modifications induced by the topical therapy, suggesting the less toxicity of unpreserved drugs.",
"This model has a good capacity to predict a lost to follow-up outcome. Its use could help TB Programs to determine which patients are good candidates for DOT and other strategies to improve TB treatment adherence.",
"Dexmedetomidine is superior to Midazolam in analgesia, and improving respiration and circulation functions for open heart surgery patients under acupuncture-assisted general anesthesia.",
"Very late DES failure often causes ST-elevation myocardial infarction; these very late events may not correlate with the interruption of antiplatelet therapy. Severe, late acquired ISA belongs to DES and is frequently observed in patients with very late DES thrombosis.",
"PA-824 is a novel nitroimidazo-oxazine under evaluation as an antituberculosis agent. A dose-ranging randomized study was conducted to evaluate the safety, tolerability, pharmacokinetics, and early bactericidal activity of PA-824 in drug-sensitive, sputum smear-positive adult pulmonary-tuberculosis patients to find the lowest dose giving optimal bactericidal activity (EBA). Fifteen patients per cohort received oral PA-824 in doses of 50 mg, 100 mg, 150 mg, or 200 mg per kg body weight per day for 14 days. Eight subjects received once-daily standard antituberculosis treatment with isoniazid, rifampin, pyrazinamide, and ethambutol (HRZE) as a positive control. The primary efficacy endpoint was the mean rate of decline in log CFU of Mycobacterium tuberculosis in sputum incubated on agar plates from serial overnight sputum collections, expressed as log(10) CFU/day/ml sputum (± standard deviation). The mean 14-day EBA of HRZE was consistent with previous studies (0.177 ± 0.042), and that of PA-824 at 50 mg, 100 mg, 150 mg, and 200 mg was 0.063 ± 0.058, 0.091 ± 0.073, 0.078 ± 0.074, and 0.112 ± 0.070, respectively. Although the study was not powered for testing the difference between arms, there was a trend toward significance, indicating a lower EBA at the 50-mg dose. Serum PA-824 levels were approximately dose proportional with respect to the area under the time-concentration curve. All doses were safe and well tolerated with no dose-limiting adverse events or clinically significant QTc changes. A dose of 100 mg to 200 mg PA-824 daily appears to be safe and efficacious and will be further evaluated as a component of novel antituberculosis regimens for drug-sensitive and drug-resistant tuberculosis.",
"Multicenter trials in Southeast Asia have shown better survival rates among patients with severe malaria, particularly those with high parasitemia levels, treated with intravenous (IV) artesunate than among those treated with quinine. In Europe, quinine is still the primary treatment for severe malaria. We conducted a retrospective analysis for 25 travelers with severe malaria who returned from malaria-endemic regions and were treated at 7 centers in Europe. All patients survived. Treatment with IV artesunate rapidly reduced parasitemia levels. In 6 patients at 5 treatment centers, a self-limiting episode of unexplained hemolysis occurred after reduction of parasitemia levels. Five patients required a blood transfusion. Patients with posttreatment hemolysis had received higher doses of IV artesunate than patients without hemolysis. IV artesunate was an effective alternative to quinine for treatment of malaria patients in Europe. Patients should be monitored for signs of hemolysis, especially after parasitologic cure.",
"The accuracy of PU is excellent for detecting residual pneumothorax during pneumothorax follow-up after drainage.",
"Genetic variation in ABCG5/8, which associates with decreased levels of plasma LDL cholesterol protects against MI, but increases the risk of symptomatic gallstone disease. These results suggest that MI and gallstones, 2 seemingly unrelated diseases, are intrinsically linked via the function of the ABCG5/8 cholesterol transporter.",
"Minimum CF and minimum FTI values are strong predictors of gap formation. Optimal CF parameter recommendations are a target CF of 20 g and a minimum FTI of 400 gs for each new lesion.",
"Experimental studies have shown that infusion of vasoactive neurotransmitters may trigger headache or migraine-like attacks in man. Pituitary adenylate cyclase activating peptide-38 (PACAP38) is a strong vasodilator found in trigeminal sensory and parasympathetic perivascular nerve fibers. We therefore hypothesized that infusion of PACAP38 would cause headache in healthy subjects and migraine-like attacks in migraine patients. Twelve healthy subjects and 12 migraine patients were examined in two separate studies. All subjects were allocated to receive 10 pmol/kg/min PACAP38 and placebo in a randomized, double-blind crossover study design. Headache was scored on a verbal rating scale (VRS) during hospital (0-2 h) and post-hospital (2-12 h) phases. Mean blood flow velocity in the middle cerebral artery (V(MCA)) by transcranial Doppler (TCD) and diameter of the superficial temporal artery (STA) by high resolution ultrasonography were recorded during hospital phase in migraineurs. PACAP38 infusion caused headache in all healthy subjects and 11 out of 12 migraine patients. Seven migraine patients experienced migraine-like attacks after PACAP38 and none after placebo (P = 0.016). Most of attacks (6 out of 7) occurred during the post-hospital phase [mean time 6 h (range 2-11)]. Two healthy subjects reported migraine-like attacks after PACAP38 during the hospital phase and none during the post-hospital phase. In the hospital phase, the area under the curve (AUC) for headache score was larger during PACAP38 infusion compared to placebo in healthy subjects (P = 0.005) and tended to be larger in migraineurs (P = 0.066). In the post-hospital phase, the AUC for headache was larger after PACAP38 infusion compared to placebo in both healthy subjects (P = 0.005) and migraine patients (P = 0.013). In migraine patients, PACAP38 caused a peak decrease of 16.1% in V(MCA) and a 37.5% increase in STA diameter at 20 min after start of infusion. In conclusion, PACAP38 infusion caused headache and vasodilatation in both healthy subjects and migraine patients. In migraine sufferers, PACAP38 caused delayed migraine-like attacks. The findings stimulate further investigation of the neuronal and vascular mechanisms of PACAP38.",
"Efficacy trials of antibody-inducing protein-in-adjuvant vaccines targeting the blood-stage Plasmodium falciparum malaria parasite have so far shown disappointing results. The induction of cell-mediated responses in conjunction with antibody responses is thought to be one alternative strategy that could achieve protective efficacy in humans. Here, we prepared chimpanzee adenovirus 63 (ChAd63) and modified vaccinia virus Ankara (MVA) replication-deficient vectors encoding the well-studied P. falciparum blood-stage malaria antigen merozoite surface protein 1 (MSP1). A phase Ia clinical trial was conducted in healthy adults of a ChAd63-MVA MSP1 heterologous prime-boost immunization regime. The vaccine was safe and generally well tolerated. Fewer systemic adverse events (AEs) were observed following ChAd63 MSP1 than MVA MSP1 administration. Exceptionally strong T-cell responses were induced, and these displayed a mixed of CD4(+) and CD8(+) phenotype. Substantial MSP1-specific serum immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibody responses were also induced, which were capable of recognizing native parasite antigen, but these did not reach titers sufficient to neutralize P. falciparum parasites in vitro. This viral vectored vaccine regime is thus a leading approach for the induction of strong cellular and humoral immunogenicity against difficult disease targets in humans. Further studies are required to assess whether this strategy can achieve protective efficacy against blood-stage malaria infection.",
"Senicapoc, a novel Gardos channel inhibitor, limits solute and water loss, thereby preserving sickle red blood cell (RBC) hydration. Because hemoglobin S polymerization is profoundly influenced by intracellular hemoglobin concentration, senicapoc could improve sickle RBC survival. In a 12-week, multicenter, phase 2, randomized, double-blind, dose-finding study, we evaluated senicapoc's safety and its effect on hemoglobin level and markers of RBC hemolysis in sickle cell anemia patients. The patients were randomized into 3 treatment arms: placebo; low-dose (6 mg/day) senicapoc; and high-dose (10 mg/day) senicapoc. For the primary efficacy end point (change in hemoglobin level from baseline), the mean response to high-dose senicapoc treatment exceeded placebo (6.8 g/L [0.68 g/dL] vs 0.1 g/L [0.01 g/dL], P < .001). Treatment with high-dose senicapoc also produced significant decreases in such secondary end points as percentage of dense RBCs (-2.41 vs -0.08, P < .001); reticulocytes (-4.12 vs -0.46, P < .001); lactate dehydrogenase (-121 U/L vs -15 U/L, P = .002); and indirect bilirubin (-1.18 mg/dL vs 0.12 mg/dL, P < .001). Finally, senicapoc was safe and well tolerated. The increased hemoglobin concentration and concomitant decrease in the total number of reticulocytes and various markers of RBC destruction following senicapoc administration suggests a possible increase in the survival of sickle RBCs. This study is registered at http://clinicaltrials.gov as NCT00040677.",
"To improve understanding of secondary treatment failure in migraine patients, we evaluated 'headache return' as a novel endpoint to assess returning headaches according to their severity, expanding on current standard assessments of overall recurrence or relapse rates, in a six-month observational study of triptan-treated migraineurs. A total of 359 patients (91% female; mean age, 42.5 years) recorded data for 2168 headaches in electronic diaries. Two-thirds of headaches responded to triptan treatment (improved-to-mild or no pain two hours post-dose); 34% of headaches had a pain-free response. By 48 hours post-dose, 19% of all responding headaches returned; 24% of headaches achieving a pain-free response returned, predominantly to mild pain. More severe baseline headache, short duration since diagnosis of migraine, and female gender were associated with increased likelihood of headache return. Treatment satisfaction declined with increasing severity of headache return, demonstrating the value of assessing headache return by severity to fully evaluate its impact.",
"The prevalence and correlates of cardiovascular risk factors in older adults with intellectual disability was examined. We conducted a cross-sectional study with 50- to 90-year-old clients (N = 470) of three Dutch intellectual disability care providing organizations and found that healthy behavior was low, with 98.9% of the participants having an unhealthy diet and 68.3%, a lack of exercise. Smoking (13.6%) and alcohol abuse (0.3%) were relatively minor problems. Abdominal overweight (70.4%), diabetes (8.7%), hypertension (36.8%), and hypercholesterolemia (31.8%) were highly prevalent. These profiles have important implications in determining the risk of cardiovascular disease in people with intellectual disability. Campaigns to promote health should be focused on education and the introduction of preventive screening programs.",
"Risk factor profiles and their modification were not similar among patients in Japan with MI, stroke, and NVAF, although they share a high risk of thrombotic events.",
"Our results suggest that insulin treatment is an effective and safe therapeutic option in Japanese patients with T2DM, and earlier insulin initiation might be associated with better glycemic control.",
"Following the World Health Organization's endorsement of the Xpert® MTB/RIF assay, which rapidly and simultaneously diagnoses tuberculosis (TB) and detects resistance to rifampin (RMP), the question arises to what extent RMP resistance is an adequate marker for multidrug-resistant TB (MDR-TB). A retrospective analysis of data from >81 countries and subnational settings demonstrated that >40% of RMP-resistant isolates from new TB cases did not display resistance to isoniazid (INH) in settings with relatively low MDR-TB prevalence (one third of all countries and subnational settings). Results indicated the need for INH susceptibility testing in addition to RMP susceptibility testing.",
"Analgesics, Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, Acetaminophen, Triptans, Antiemetics, Ergots, Dihydroergotamine, Ergotamine, Opioids, Barbiturates, Transcranial magnetic stimulation, Calcitonin-gene related peptide, 5-HT1F receptor agonist, Lasmiditan",
"Glucocorticoid, Prednisone (prednisolone), Antiviral therapy, Valacyclovir, Acyclovir, Surgical decompression, Nerve stimulation",
"Memantine, Cholinesterase inhibitors, Antioxidants, Estrogen, Anti-inflammatory drugs, Ginkgo biloba, Statins",
"Antiviral therapy, Immunization",
"Statins, Fibrates, Nicotinic acid, Ezetimibe, Bile acid sequestrants",
"Topical synthetic prostaglandins, Topical beta blockers, beta antagonists, Topical alpha adrenergic agonists, Carbonic anhydrase inhibitors, Cholinergic agonists, Laser trabeculoplasty, Trabeculostomy, Phacoemulsification, goniosynechialysis, peripheral iridotomy",
"Surgery, Adrenalectomy", 
"Antimalarials, Chloroquine, Artemisinins, Artesunate, Artemether, Atovaquone-proguanil, Primaquine, Quinine, Mefloquine, Sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine, Halofantrine",
"Intravenous magnesium,  Temporary transvenous overdrive pacing, Isoproterenol",
"Rifampin, Pyrazinamide, Isoniazid, Streptomycin, Ethambutol",
"Levodopa, Dopamine agonists, Monoamine oxidase B inhibitors, Amantadine, Catechol-O-methyl transferase inhibitors, Deep brain stimulation",
"Anticonvulsants, Carbamazepine, Gabapentin, Oxcarbazepine, Lamotrigine, Baclofen, Other medications, Botulinum toxin injections, Microvascular decompression, Rhizotomy, Radiosurgery, Peripheral neurectomy",
"Vitamin D, Vitamin D2, Vitamin D3, Calcidiol, Calcitriol, Dihydrotachysterol ",
"Urate-lowering therapies, Allopurinol, Oxypurinol, febuxostat, probenecid, benzbromarone, pegloticase, Non-Steroidal Anti-Inflammatory Agents (all from class), Colchicine, Glucocorticoids",
"Permethrin, Ivermectin, lindane, Benzyl benzoate, Crotamiton, Malathion",
"Corticosteroids, Calcineurin inhibitors, Tacrolimus, Clobetasol, Pimecrolimus, Ultraviolet light, Phototherapy with ultraviolet A radiation (PUVA), Phototherapy with ultraviolet B (UVB), Phototherapy with Psoralens, Topical vitamin D analogs, calcipotriene, tacalcitol, Pseudocatalase cream, monobenzyl ether of hydroquinone (dpeigmentation), Transplantation, Cosmetic, Dermabration",
"Intravenous immune globulin therapy, Immunosuppressants, Splenectomy, Hematopoietic cell transplantation, Bone marrow transplantation, Gene therapy",
"Antihistamines, H1 antagonists, H2 antagonists, Glucocorticoids",
"Prophylactic antibiotics, Open Appendectomy, Laparoscopic Apendectomy",
