["Repaglinide and metformin achieved comparable efficacy in improving glycaemic control, reducing glycaemic variability, enhancing insulin sensitivity and ameliorating -cell function. Therefore, repaglinide is an optional agent for initial therapy in Chinese patients with newly diagnosed T2DM.Biphasic insulin aspart 30 (BIAsp 30) has been used in patients for almost a decade; There is a wealth of knowledge from clinical trials to document its efficacy and safety and suggest that BIAsp 30 is an option for initiation and intensification of insulin therapy in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The A1chieve was a non-interventional study that explored the safety and effectiveness of initiating or switching to insulin analogues in routine clinical practice in more than 60,000 patients from 28 different countries. In this manuscript, we discuss the findings from the subgroup of the Indian cohort who were treated with BIAsp 30. In a cohort of 15287 who were on BIAsp 30, 12645 (83%) were insulin naive and 2642 (17%) had been on insulin therapy earlier. Glycaemic parameters were high at baseline. Mean (SD) HbA1c was 9.2% (1.3) in the these and was comparable in the insulin naive and insulin experienced groups. After 24 weeks of therapy with BIAsp 30, there were reductions in HbA1c in both the insulin naive group, [-1.8 (1.3)] and insulin experienced group [-1.6 (1.3)]. Fasting plasma glucose (FPG) and postprandial plasma glucose (PPG) levels were also reduced significantly from baseline [-3.4 (2.7) and -4.8 (3.8) mmol/L, respectively, p < 0.05). Overall, hypoglycaemia decreased from 1.33 events/patient years at baseline to 0.19 events/patient years at 24 weeks. There was also an increase in quality of life score as evaluated by EQ-5D questionnaire. Initiating insulin therapy with or switching to BIAsp 30 in patients with poor glycaemic control leads to an improvement in glycaemic profile with no major hypoglycaemia or clinically significant weight gain. Therapy with BIAsp 30 also improves the quality of life in patients with type 2 diabetes.In patients with type 2 diabetes, empagliflozin-induced glycosuria improved  cell function and insulin sensitivity, despite the fall in insulin secretion and tissue glucose disposal and the rise in EGP after one dose, thereby lowering fasting and postprandial glycemia. Chronic dosing shifted substrate utilization from carbohydrate to lipid. Trial registration. ClinicalTrials.Gov NCT01248364 (EudraCT no. 2010-018708-99). Funding. This study was funded by Boehringer Ingelheim.Chronic hyperglycemia impairs insulin action, resulting in glucotoxicity, which can be ameliorated in animal models by inducing glucosuria with renal glucose transport inhibitors. Here, we examined whether reduction of plasma glucose with a sodium-glucose cotransporter 2 (SGLT2) inhibitor could improve insulin-mediated tissue glucose disposal in patients with type 2 diabetes. Eighteen diabetic men were randomized to receive either dapagliflozin (n = 12) or placebo (n = 6) for 2 weeks. We measured insulin-mediated whole body glucose uptake and endogenous glucose production (EGP) at baseline and 2 weeks after treatment using the euglycemic hyperinsulinemic clamp technique. Dapagliflozin treatment induced glucosuria and markedly lowered fasting plasma glucose. Insulin-mediated tissue glucose disposal increased by approximately 18% after 2 weeks of dapagliflozin treatment, while placebo-treated subjects had no change in insulin sensitivity. Surprisingly, following dapagliflozin treatment, EGP increased substantially and was accompanied by an increase in fasting plasma glucagon concentration. Together, our data indicate that reduction of plasma glucose with an agent that works specifically on the kidney to induce glucosuria improves muscle insulin sensitivity. However, glucosuria induction following SGLT2 inhibition is associated with a paradoxical increase in EGP. These results provide support for the glucotoxicity hypothesis, which suggests that chronic hyperglycemia impairs insulin action in individuals with type 2 diabetes.The results demonstrated that periodontal treatment improves periodontal status and glycemic control with elevation of serum adiponectin in type 2 diabetic patients. The results suggest that HbA1c is reduced by amelioration of insulin resistance due to elevated serum adiponectin after periodontal treatments.Although all weight-loss approaches may improve insulin sensitivity in type 2 diabetes, bariatric surgery is believed to be the only reliable means of achieving diabetes remission. We conducted a retrospective cohort study to compare rates of diabetes remission, relapse and all-cause mortality among severely obese individuals with diabetes who underwent bariatric surgery vs. nonsurgically treated individuals. Severely obese adults with uncontrolled or medication-controlled diabetes who underwent bariatric surgery or received usual medical care from 2005 to 2008 in three health care delivery systems in the United States were eligible. Diabetes status was identified using pharmacy, laboratory, and diagnosis information from electronic medical records. A propensity approach and exclusion criteria identified 1395 adults with diabetes who had bariatric surgery and 62,322 who did not. Most procedures were Roux-en-Y gastric bypass (72.0% laparoscopic; 8.2% open); 4.4% were gastric banding, 2.4% sleeve gastrectomy, and 13.2% were other procedures. At two years, bariatric subjects experienced significantly higher diabetes remission rates [73.7% (95% CI: 70.6, 76.5)] compared to nonsurgical subjects [6.9% (95%CI: 6.9, 7.1)]. Age, site, duration of diabetes, hemoglobin A1c level, and intensity of diabetes medication treatment were significantly associated with remission. Bariatric subjects also experienced lower relapse rates than nonsurgical subjects (adjusted HR: 0.19; 95% CI: 0.15-0.23) with no higher risk of death (adjusted HR: 0.54; 95% CI: 0.22-1.30). We conclude that bariatric surgery can effectively induce remission of diabetes among most severely obese adults, and this treatment approach appears to be superior to nonsurgical treatment in inducing diabetes remission.Understanding the incretin pathway has led to significant advancements in the treatment of type 2 diabetes (T2D). Still, the exact mechanisms are not fully understood. In a randomized, placebo-controlled, four-period, crossover study in 24 patients with T2D, dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibition and its glucose-lowering actions were tested after an oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT). The contribution of GLP-1 was examined by infusion of the GLP-1 receptor (GLP-1r) antagonist exendin-9. DPP-4 inhibition reduced glycemia and enhanced insulin levels and the incretin effect (IE). Glucagon was suppressed, and gastric emptying (GE) was decelerated. Exendin-9 increased glucose levels and glucagon secretion, attenuated insulinemia and the IE, and accelerated GE. With the GLP-1r antagonist, the glucose-lowering effects of DPP-4 inhibition were reduced by  50%. However, a significant effect on insulin secretion remained during GLP-1r blockade, whereas the inhibitory effects of DPP-4 inhibition on glucagon and GE were abolished. Thus, in this cohort of T2D patients with a substantial IE, GLP-1 contributed  50% to the insulin excursion after an OGTT with and without DPP-4 inhibition. Thus, a significant DPP-4-sensitive glucose-lowering mechanism contributes to glycemic control in T2D patients that may be not mediated by circulating GLP-1.These findings support the efficacy of pioglitazone to improve insulin resistance and reduce adipose tissue inflammation in obese patients with T2DM.In persons with T2DM, no difference in duration of action following a single subcutaneous dose of insulin detemir and insulin glargine could be observed. Insulin detemir showed greater between subject variability and achieved a significantly higher maximum GIR than insulin glargine.Short-term intensive insulin therapy (IIT) can improve pancreatic -cell function when administered early in the course of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM). However, the degree of improvement in response to this therapy varies between patients. Thus, we sought to characterize the determinants of improvement in -cell function in response to short-term IIT in early T2DM. Sixty-three patients with mean 3.0  2.1 yr duration of T2DM and Hb A1c of 6.8  0.8% underwent 4 wk of IIT consisting of basal insulin detemir and premeal insulin aspart, with oral glucose tolerance test administered at baseline and 1 day post-IIT. -Cell function before and after IIT was assessed by Insulin Secretion Sensitivity Index-2 (ISSI-2). Reversibility of -cell dysfunction was defined as percentage change in ISSI-2 of 25%. Overall, the study population experienced an increase in ISSI-2 from baseline to post-IIT (P = 0.01), with one-third of participants achieving 25% improvement in ISSI-2. Compared with their peers, those with increases in ISSI-2 of 25% had greater decrements in fasting glucose (P < 0.0001), Hb A1c (P = 0.001), ALT (P = 0.04), AST (P = 0.02), and HOMA-IR (P < 0.0001). On logistical regression analysis, baseline Hb A1c (OR = 2.83, 95% CI 1.16-6.88, P = 0.02) and change in HOMA-IR (OR = 0.008, 95%CI 0.0004-0.16, P = 0.001) emerged as independent predictors of reversibility of -cell dysfunction. Indeed, reversibility of -cell dysfunction was achieved in only those participants in whom IIT yielded an improvement in HOMA-IR. In conclusion, decline in HOMA-IR may be a key determinant of improvement of -cell function in response to short-term IIT, suggesting a fundamental contribution of insulin resistance to the reversible component of -cell dysfunction in early T2DM.Basal insulin (b-INS) is typically the add-on treatment of choice for patients with poor glycemic control (ie, glycated hemoglobin [HbA1c] level  8.5%), but it is unclear whether b-INS is the best option. In this post hoc analysis, the efficacy and tolerability of exenatide once weekly (EQW) were compared with those of b-INS in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and a baseline HbA1c level 8.5% who were undergoing treatment with metformin  a sulfonylurea. Data were pooled from two 26-week, randomized, controlled trials (EQW vs insulin glargine and EQW vs insulin detemir [EQW, N = 137; b-INS, N = 126]). Treatment with either EQW or b-INS for 26 weeks was associated with significant improvements in HbA1c level compared with baseline, although patients treated with EQW experienced a significantly greater decrease in HbA1c level than those treated with b-INS (least squares [LS] mean  SE: -2.0%  0.08% vs -1.6%  0.08%; P = 0.0008). Treatment with EQW was associated with a weight loss of 2.4 kg  0.23 kg (LS mean  SE), whereas treatment with b-INS was associated with a weight gain of 2.0 kg  0.24 kg (LS mean difference between groups, -4.4 kg  0.33; P < 0.0001). Patients in the EQW group were significantly more likely to achieve the composite endpoint of an HbA1c level < 7.0%, no weight gain, and no hypoglycemic events (defined as a blood glucose level < 54 mg/dL requiring self-treatment or assistance to resolve) than patients in the b-INS group (33.6% vs 3.2%; P < 0.0001). The exposure-adjusted hypoglycemic event rates were 0.08 and 0.37 events per patient-year in the EQW and b-INS groups, respectively. Gastrointestinal adverse events occurred at a higher rate in patients who underwent EQW treatment than those who were treated with b-INS. These results show that EQW treatment was associated with significantly greater improvement in HbA1c level compared with b-INS treatment among patients with poor glycemic control, with the added benefits of weight loss (vs weight gain with b-INS therapy) and a lower incidence of hypoglycemic events. These results suggest that EQW is an alternative treatment to b-INS for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and a baseline HbA1c level  8.5%.Inflammation was associated with insulin resistance in diabetic patients. No anti-inflammatory effect of Calcitriol in terms of decreasing hsCRP, IL-6 and IL-18 detected.Supplementation at 50 and 200 g of chromium as chromium nicotinate did not promote glycemic control, increase insulin sensitivity, or change the lipid profile of subjects with diabetes.Our results suggest that insulin treatment is an effective and safe therapeutic option in Japanese patients with T2DM, and earlier insulin initiation might be associated with better glycemic control.In recent years, the number of patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus caused by insulin resistance has continued to increase in Japan. Insulin resistance is considered to be closely related to the risk of cardiovascular diseases and atherosclerotic diseases, represented by arteriosclerosis obliterans (ASO). Therefore, improvement of insulin resistance is one of the important strategies in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus. At present, -glucosidase inhibitors, incretin-related drugs, and thiazolidinediones are among the most important oral hypoglycemic drugs used to improve insulin resistance. In this study, the effect of beraprost sodium, a prostaglandin I2 derivative, in the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus was investigated. In type 2 diabetic patients with ASO who were under treatment with pioglitazone, additional treatment with beraprost sodium exerted a significant synergistic effect in reducing the serum HbA1c levels as compared to treatment with pioglitazone alone. This result indicates that concomitant administration of pioglitazone and beraprost sodium may be useful in the treatment of diabetes -mellitus.Appropriate differentiation capacity of adipose tissue significantly affects its ability to store lipids and to protect nonadipose tissues against lipid spillover and development of insulin resistance. Preadipocyte factor-1 (Pref-1) is an important negative regulator of preadipocyte differentiation. The aim of our study was to explore the changes in circulating Pref-1 concentrations in female subjects with obesity (OB) (n=19), females with obesity and type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) (n=22), and sex- and age-matched healthy control subjects (C) (n=22), and to study its modulation by very low calorie diet (VLCD), acute hyperinsulinemia during isoglycemic-hyperinsulinemic clamp, and 3 months' treatment with PPAR- agonist fenofibrate. At baseline, serum Pref-1 concentrations were significantly higher in patients with T2DM compared to control group, while only nonsignificant trend towards higher levels was observed in OB group. 3 weeks of VLCD decreased Pref-1 levels in both OB and T2DM group, whereas 3 months of fenofibrate treatment had no significant effect. Hyperinsulinemia during the clamp significantly suppressed Pref-1 levels in both C and T2DM subjects and this suppression was unaffected by fenofibrate treatment. In a combined population of all groups, circulating Pref-1 levels correlated positively with insulin, leptin and glucose levels and HOMA (homeostasis model assessment) index. We conclude that elevated Pref-1 concentrations in T2DM subjects may contribute to impaired adipose tissue differentiation capacity associated with insulin resistance in obese patients with T2DM. The decrease of Pref-1 levels after VLCD may be involved in the improvement of metabolic status and the amelioration of insulin resistance in T2DM patients.Metformin improved -cell function in non-obese subjects with newly diagnosed T2DM, which was partly independent of the change in insulin sensitivity in these subjects. This study provides evidence-based data to support metformin use in non-obese patients with T2DM as the first-line agent, which can improve both insulin sensitivity and -cell function.There was no difference between insulin detemir and insulin glargine with respect to sodium, albumin, and protein excretion in type 2 diabetic CKD patients. Studies are needed both in CKD patients and those with normal renal function to highlight mechanisms regarding the weight loss effect unique to insulin detemir.Chromium is required for a normal insulin function, and low levels have been linked with insulin resistance. The aim of this study was to follow the effect of chromium supplementation on fasting plasma glucose (FPG), glycated haemoglobin (HbA1c) and serum lipids in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM2) on insulin therapy. Eleven randomly selected patients with DM2 on insulin therapy were supplemented with a daily dose of 100 g chromium yeast for the first supplementation period of 2 weeks. In the second supplementation period, the chromium dose was doubled and continued for the next 6 weeks. The third phase was a 6-week washout period. After each period, the levels of FPG and HbA1c were compared with the corresponding values at the end of the previous period. Serum triglycerides, total HDL and LDL cholesterol values after supplementation were compared with the baseline values. FPG decreased significantly after the first period of chromium supplementation (p < 0.001), and a tendency to a further reduction was observed after the second supplementation period. Similarly, HbA1c decreased significantly in both periods (p < 0.02 and p < 0.002, respectively). Eight weeks after withdrawal of chromium supplementation, both FPG and HbA1c levels returned to their pre-intervention values. The serum lipid concentrations were not significantly influenced by chromium supplementation. Chromium supplementation could be beneficial in patients with DM2 treated with insulin, most likely due to lowered insulin resistance leading to improved glucose tolerance. This finding needs to be confirmed in a larger study.The results of our study indicate that EPA supplementation could improve insulin sensitivity. It was able to decrease serum insulin, FPG, HbA1c and HOMA-IR. EPA could have beneficial effects on glycaemic indices in patients with T2DM.Initiating basal insulin therapy resulted in a substantial decrease in HbA1c and improved patients' perceptions of insulin treatment.Taspoglutide QW significantly improved pancreatic function in patients with T2D treated with metformin.Wuhuang Tangkangling could significantly decrease the level of TNF-alpha, IL-6, hs-CRP, FBG and PBG in patients with T2DM, and could decrease blood glucose, anti inflammatory, and improve insulin resistance. According to testing these cytokines, a new criteria for evaluating the progress of T2DM and the treatment may be approached.The incretin hormone glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) promotes glucose homeostasis and enhances -cell function. GLP-1 receptor agonists (GLP-1 RAs) and dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitors, which inhibit the physiological inactivation of endogenous GLP-1, are used for the treatment of type 2 diabetes. Using the Metabochip, we identified three novel genetic loci with large effects (30-40%) on GLP-1-stimulated insulin secretion during hyperglycemic clamps in nondiabetic Caucasian individuals (TMEM114; CHST3 and CTRB1/2; n = 232; all P  8.8  10(-7)). rs7202877 near CTRB1/2, a known diabetes risk locus, also associated with an absolute 0.51  0.16% (5.6  1.7 mmol/mol) lower A1C response to DPP-4 inhibitor treatment in G-allele carriers, but there was no effect on GLP-1 RA treatment in type 2 diabetic patients (n = 527). Furthermore, in pancreatic tissue, we show that rs7202877 acts as expression quantitative trait locus for CTRB1 and CTRB2, encoding chymotrypsinogen, and increases fecal chymotrypsin activity in healthy carriers. Chymotrypsin is one of the most abundant digestive enzymes in the gut where it cleaves food proteins into smaller peptide fragments. Our data identify chymotrypsin in the regulation of the incretin pathway, development of diabetes, and response to DPP-4 inhibitor treatment.This sub-analysis suggests that insulin detemir can be a safe and effective option for initiating insulin therapy in people with T2D in Indonesia.IDet was well-tolerated and improved glycaemic control without increasing the risk of hypoglycaemia or weight gain.We evaluated the positive effects of vildagliptin in addition to metformin on glycemic control and -cell function in type 2 diabetic patients. One hundred and seventy-one type 2 diabetic patients were instructed to add vildaglipin 50mg twice a day or placebo to metformin for 12 months. Body mass index (BMI), glycemic control, fasting plasma insulin (FPI), HOMA-IR, HOMA-, fasting plasma proinsulin (FPPr), proinsulin/fasting plasma insulin ratio (Pr/FPI ratio), C-peptide, glucagon, vaspin, visfatin, and omentin-1 were evaluated. Before, and after 12 months since the addition of vildagliptin, patients underwent a combined euglycemic hyperinsulinemic and hyperglycemic clamp, with subsequent arginine stimulation. Vildagliptin+metformin were more effective than placebo+metformin in reducing body weight and BMI, glycemic control, HOMA-IR, glucagon and insulin resistance measurements. Vildagliptin+metformin gave also a better increase of HOMA-, and of all -cell parameters after the clamp. We also recorded a significant correlation between M value increase and the decrease of vaspin, visfatin, and omentin-1 obtained with vildagliptin+metformin. Vildagliptin, in addition to metformin, proved to be effective in improving -cell function and in reducing insulin resistance measurements.Short-term, low-dose thiazolidendione treatment improves insulin sensitivity of lipolysis and HCL, without affecting muscle and liver insulin sensitivity. It appears that metabolic PIO action in T2DM is primarily mediated via a decline in HCL associated with greater sensitivity of lipolysis to insulin.We investigated 1) the ability of purified glargine (GLA), metabolites 1 (M1) and 2 (M2), IGF-I, and NPH insulin to activate the insulin receptor (IR)-A and IR-B and IGF-I receptor (IGF-IR) in vitro; 2) plasma concentrations of GLA, M1, and M2 during long-term insulin therapy in type 2 diabetic patients; and 3) IR-A and IR-B activation in vitro induced by serum from patients treated with GLA or NPH insulin. A total of 104 patients (age 56.3  0.8 years, BMI 31.4  0.5 kg/m(2), and A1C 9.1  0.1% [mean  SE]) were randomized to GLA or NPH insulin therapy for 36 weeks. Plasma concentrations of GLA, M1, and M2 were determined by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry assay. IR-A, IR-B, and IGF-IR autophosphorylation was induced by purified hormones or serum by kinase receptor activation assays. In vitro, M1 induced comparable IR-A, IR-B, and IGF-IR autophosphorylation (activation) as NPH insulin. After 36 weeks, M1 increased from undetectable (<0.2 ng/mL) to 1.5 ng/mL (0.9-2.1), while GLA and M2 remained undetectable. GLA dose correlated with M1 (r = 0.84; P < 0.001). Serum from patients treated with GLA or NPH insulin induced similar IR-A and IR-B activation. These data suggest that M1 rather than GLA mediates GLA effects and that compared with NPH insulin, GLA does not increase IGF-IR signaling during long-term insulin therapy in type 2 diabetes.Omega-3 fatty acids improved insulin sensitivity in PCOS patients. This beneficial effect was not associated with alteration in anthropometric measurements and serum visfatin levels.The majority of pen-nave subjects preferred HPS over HPL. For all ease-of-use attributes, the majority of subjects with a preference chose HPS over HPL. Some attributes of both pens were equally acceptable, as many subjects had no preference.We investigated whether basal insulin as first-line treatment in recently diagnosed type 2 diabetes (T2D) can improve glucose control, microvascular function and preserve insulin secretion in comparison with metformin (MET). In this open-label, randomized, prospective 36-week study, 75 patients (44 m, 31 f, mean age 60.7  9.2 year) were allocated to treatment with either MET 1,000 mg b.i.d. (n = 36) or insulin glargine (GLA) at bedtime (n = 39). At baseline and study end, we performed a continuous glucose monitoring for assessment of interstitial glucose (IG) and measured microvascular function using Laser-Doppler fluxmetry. GLA versus MET treatment resulted in a more pronounced reduction in FPG (: 3.1  2.5 vs. 1.4  1.5 mmol/l; p < 0.001) and overall IG ( AUC. 671  507 vs. 416  537 mmol/l min; p = 0.04). Postprandial PG and IG differences after a standardized test meal did not reach significance. Proinsulin/C-peptide and HOMA B as marker of endogenous insulin secretion were significantly more improved by GLA. Microvascular blood flow improved only in MET-treated patients. Early basal insulin treatment with GLA in T2D patients provided a better control of FPG, overall IG load and biomarker of beta-cell function compared to the standard treatment with MET. MET treatment resulted in an improvement of microvascular function. Studies of longer duration are needed to evaluate the durability of glucose control and  cell protection with early GLA treatment.FT, compared to V&S, was more accurate at all tested doses and was used with similar accuracy by patients, HCPs, and CGs. Using questionnaires only, and without dexterity assessment, study participants rated FT higher than V&S in every component of the PPQ and the vast majority of them preferred FT. These findings may point to a better alternative for dosing accuracy and improved adherence when using the new prefilled insulin pen compared to V&S for insulin delivery in patients with diabetes.The lower risk of non-severe hypoglycaemia and less weight gain associated with using insulin detemir compared with NPH insulin when initiating insulin treatment in insulin nave patients with type 2 diabetes provide economic benefits in the short-term. Based on cost/QALY threshold values, this represents good value for money in the Nordic countries. Using a short-term modelling approach may be conservative, as reduced frequency of hypoglycaemia and less weight gain may also have positive long-term health-related implications.This study compared the effect of Glimepiride versus Vildagliptin on -cell function and the release of intact proinsulin (PI) in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Patients on metformin monotherapy were randomized to add on treatment with Vildagliptin or Glimepiride. A standardized test meal was given at baseline, after 12 and 24weeks of treatment. Insulin, PI and blood glucose values were measured in the fasting state and postprandial for 300min. Fasting PI levels significantly decreased in the Vildagliptin group. The area under the curve for the postprandial release of PI decreased during Vildagliptin and increased during Glimepiride treatment. The proinsulin to insulin ratio declined in the Vildagliptin group, whereas it did not change significantly in the Glimepiride group. Addition of Vildagliptin to ongoing Metformin treatment reconstitutes the disproportionality of the proinsulin to insulin secretion from the  cell.Baseline data of the study underline the need for earlier intensification of antidiabetic therapy in type 2 diabetes in Germany. Study results show that within the German diabetes care system, initiation of basal insulin therapy with insulin detemir is able to result in significant HbA(1c) improvements without increased risk of hypoglycemia and/or weight gain.A natural mixture of grape PPs at nutritional doses efficiently prevents fructose-induced oxidative stress and IR. The current interest in grape PP ingredients and products by the global food and nutrition industries could well make them a stepping-stone of preventive nutrition.Treatment with EQW resulted in a significantly greater proportion of patients achieving target A1C and weight loss than treatment with detemir, with a low risk of hypoglycemia. These results suggest that EQW is a viable alternative to insulin detemir treatment in patients with type 2 diabetes with inadequate glycemic control using oral antidiabetes drugs.We conclude that ZAG may be an adipokine associated with insulin resistance.We conclude that circulating Sfrp5 is likely to play a major role in insulin resistance in humans.Developing countries are experiencing an epidemic of chronic non-communicable chronic diseases with high socio-economic costs. Studies of traditional foods with beneficial health properties could contribute to diminish these problems. Legumes rich in proteins like Lupinus mutabilis decreases blood glucose and improves insulin sensitivity in animals and humans. We report the results of a phase II clinical trial conducted to assess the role of cooked L. mutabilis and its purified alkaloids on blood glucose and insulin in volunteers with diabetes. Results indicate that consumption of cooked L. mutabilis or its purified alkaloids decreased blood glucose and insulin levels. The decreases in serum glucose concentrations from base line to 90 minutes were statistically significant within both treatment groups; however, there were not differences between groups. Serum insulin levels were also decreased in both groups however the differences were not statistically significant. None of the volunteers in either group presented side effects.",
 "A double blind controlled trial of supplementation with folic acid has been performed in 117 children with homozygous sickle cell (SS) disease aged 6 months to 4 years over a 1 year period. No megaloblastic change was observed in either group. At the end of the study period the folate supplemented group showed no significant differences in haemoglobin, growth characteristics, or in the proportion of children affected by major or minor infections, acute splenic sequestration, dactylitis or episodes of bone or abdominal pain. However, the folate supplemented group showed a significantly lower mean cell volume and the placebo group contained a significant excess of children experiencing multiple episodes of dactylitis. The results are compatible with mild folate deficiency in some patients in the placebo group but the absence of striking effects on haematology or growth suggest that the policy of regular folate supplementation in children with SS disease should be critically reviewed.",
 "A prospective, randomized, double-blind clinical study was performed to determine the efficacy of perioperative systemic antibiotics in preventing infection after appendectomy for acute nonperforating appendicitis. One hundred three patients received three doses of either placebo (saline, n = 52) or cefoxitin sodium (n = 51). The two groups were similar with regard to age distribution, sex ratio, duration of operation, pathologic condition of appendix, and hospital stay. Postoperative wound infections were detected in 9.6% of the placebo-treated patients, whereas none occurred in the cefoxitin group. All but one infection appeared after discharge. Cost analysis identified a net savings of $ 84 per patient with the use of prophylactic antibiotics. Septic morbidity after appendectomy for nonperforating appendicitis is significantly reduced by systemic antibiotics, and brief administration of a single broad-spectrum agent (cefoxitin) is effective prophylaxis.Our conclusion is that antibiotic treatment in the patients with acute appendicitis is quite effective, and these patients may not need surgery. The patients managed conservatively with antibiotics alone experience less pain and require less analgesia but have high recurrent rate.In a randomized study we investigated the effects of antibiotics as the only treatment in acute appendicitis. Forty patients were examined, 19 after antibiotic treatment (one operated due to perforation) and 21 after surgery. All patients were examined prior to randomization, after 10 days and after 30 days. Of the positive ultrasonographic (US) findings, 18 (86%) of the 21 operated patients had histologically proven acute appendicitis. At the 10th day, 9 patients had a seroma under the scar, which had disappeared a month after surgery in all patients. In the 19 patients conservatively treated with antibiotics, the appendix could be visualized in 8 symptom-free cases on the 10th day. In 5 of the 8 patients the appendix was still visualized after 1 month. Three of these 5 had recurrent appendicitis within a year. It is concluded that US can be used not only in diagnosing acute appendicitis, but also in the evaluation of treatments such as antibiotics.In a prospective controlled study the effect of antibiotics as the only treatment in acute appendicitis was evaluated. Of 40 patients admitted with a duration of abdominal pain of less than 72 h, 20 received antibiotics intravenously for 2 days followed by oral treatment for 8 days and 20 considered as controls were randomized to surgery. All patients treated conservatively were discharged within 2 days, except one who required surgery after 12 h because of peritonitis secondary to perforated appendicitis. Seven patients were readmitted within 1 year as a result of recurrent appendicitis and underwent surgery, when appendicitis was confirmed. The diagnostic accuracy within the operated group was 85 per cent. One patient had perforated appendicitis at operation. Antibiotic treatment in patients with acute appendicitis was as effective as surgery. The patients had less pain and required less analgesia, but the recurrence rate was high.An open-label prospective study was performed employing intramuscularly administered imipenem as an adjunct to surgery in 20 patients with acute cholecystitis and 24 patients with perforated or gangrenous appendicitis. Three (12.5%) septic failures occurred in appendicitis patients and 2 (10%) failures in cholecystitis patients. There were no deaths. Adverse effects were minor, and there was no toxicity. Although failures were not associated with in vitro resistance, Pseudomonas spp. were recovered from 2 of 3 appendicitis failures. Intramuscular imipenem appeared to be an effective single-drug antimicrobial when used as an adjunct to surgery in patients with acute cholecystitis or perforated appendicitis. It should be a more cost-effective alternative to the current multiple-drug therapy frequently employed in patients with intra-abdominal sepsis.",
 "Use of ramelteon 8 mg in an at-home setting did not demonstrate statistically significant improvements in subjective sleep latency compared with placebo, when measured by PSQ-IVRS.This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study assessed the efficacy and safety of ramelteon 4 and 8 mg in Japanese adults with chronic insomnia. A secondary objective was to evaluate efficacy and safety when doses were uptitrated from placebo, ramelteon 4 and 8 mg to 4, 8 and 16 mg, respectively. Patient-reported sleep data were collected using sleep diaries. There was no statistically significant difference between ramelteon and placebo in the change in subjective sleep latency (sSL) in the full analysis set (n = 1130). Significant improvement was observed in the change in subjective total sleep time with ramelteon 8 mg at week 1. In post hoc analyses, ramelteon 8 mg reduced sSL in individuals with smaller fluctuations (within 30 min) of sSL at baseline, in those with a shorter (<1 year) history of insomnia and in individuals who had not used benzodiazepines. Ramelteon up to 16 mg nightly was safe and well tolerated.A Long-Term Safety and Efficacy Study of Eszopiclone in Elderly Subjects With Primary Chronic Insomnia; Registration #NCT00386334; URL - http://www.clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT00386334?term=eszopiclone&rank=24Low-dose sublingual zolpidem tartrate may be suitable for treatment of patients who have difficulty resuming sleep after MOTN awakenings.These findings establish the efficacy of 3 to 7 nights per week dosing of zolpidem extended-release 12.5 mg for up to 6 months. Treatment provided sustained and significant improvements in sleep onset and maintenance and also improved next-day concentration and morning sleepiness.Melatonin, secreted nocturnally by the pineal gland, is an endogenous sleep regulator. Impaired melatonin production and complaints on poor quality of sleep are common among the elderly. Non-restorative sleep (perceived poor quality of sleep) and subsequently poor daytime functioning are increasingly recognized as a leading syndrome in the diagnostic and therapeutic process of insomnia complaints. The effects of 3-weeks prolonged-release melatonin 2 mg (PR-melatonin) versus placebo treatment were assessed in a multi-center randomized placebo-controlled study in 170 primary insomnia outpatients aged > or =55 years. Improvements in quality of sleep (QOS) the night before and morning alertness (BFW) were assessed using the Leeds Sleep Evaluation Questionnaire and changes in sleep quality (QON) reported on five categorical unit scales. Rebound insomnia and withdrawal effects following discontinuation were also evaluated. PR-melatonin significantly improved QOS (-22.5 versus -16.5 mm, P = 0.047), QON (0.89 versus 0.46 units; P = 0.003) and BFW (-15.7 versus -6.8 mm; P = 0.002) compared with placebo. The improvements in QOS and BFW were strongly correlated (Rval = 0.77, P < 0.001) suggesting a beneficial treatment effect on the restorative value of sleep. These results were confirmed in a subgroup of patients with a greater symptom severity. There was no evidence of rebound insomnia or withdrawal effects following treatment discontinuation. The incidence of adverse events was low and most side-effects were judged to be of minor severity. PR-melatonin is the first drug shown to significantly improve quality of sleep and morning alertness in primary insomnia patients aged 55 years and older-suggesting more restorative sleep, and without withdrawal symptoms upon discontinuation.In this subset analysis of older adults with severe baseline sleep-onset difficulties, ramelteon 8 mg significantly and persistently reduced subjective reports of time to sleep onset during 5 weeks of nightly treatment. Ramelteon appeared to be an effective and well-tolerated treatment for these older adults with primary, chronic insomnia.This study was conducted to determine the effect of zolpidem (ZOL) 10 mg orally on the sleep architecture and the next-morning residual effect in patients with non-organic insomnia (ICD-10) as compared to the effect of brotizolam (BTM) 0.25 mg orally, a widely used short-acting benzodiazepine (BZD) hypnotic in Japan, in a randomized, crossover comparative study. Fourteen patients with non-organic insomnia (3 males and 11 females; mean age of 54.9+/-S.D. 8.9 years). First three nights with placebo, middle three nights with either ZOL 10 mg or BTM 0.25 mg, and last three nights again with placebo in each session (a total of two sessions). Primary endpoints were polysomnography findings of sleep stages, sleep parameters, and sleep latency (SL) in the morning to examine calculable sleepiness as a residual effect. Secondary endpoint was sleep quality assessed by self-assessment questionnaire. At 150 min after Tmax, both ZOL and BTM significantly increased stage 2 (S2), and ZOL showed significantly longer slow wave sleep (SWS; stage 3+4) as compared to BTM. Stage wake was significantly increased by ZOL at the first withdrawal night and by BTM at the second withdrawal night. ZOL did not affect SL after rising, whereas BTM showed significantly shorter SL. Both drugs reduced the number of nocturnal awakenings and improved subjective sleep quality. The common adverse drug reaction (ADR) was sleepiness (3 patients) in each treatment. All events were mild. No serious adverse events occurred. ZOL is as effective as BTM in improving subjective sleep quality in patients with psychophysiological insomnia (PPI). ZOL has advantages over BTM in having a unique profile of increasing SWS with less next-morning residual effect.Patients treated with nightly eszopiclone 3 mg had better polysomnographic (through Night 29) and patient-reported measures (through Night 44) of sleep over the 6-week trial. There was no evidence of tolerance or rebound insomnia and no detrimental effects on next-day psychomotor performance using the DSST.The 7.5-mg and 15-mg doses of temazepam were equally effective for the treatment of transient insomnia. In keeping with current practice guidelines, initiation of treatment with temazepam for transient insomnia shouldWe assessed the preference of insomniac patients between a single dose of 10 mg zolpidem or zaleplon, respectively, administered in random order on two consecutive nights. Fifty-three patients (mean age 52.2 years, 51% females) with a history of recurrent episodes of insomnia and currently complaining of difficulties in falling asleep were included into a randomized, double-blind, cross-over study by 12 general practitioners. After each night, the patients were asked to fill in a sleep questionnaire and visual analogue scales (VAS) to subjectively assess both the quality of sleep (in the morning) and the quality of the day (in the evening). After the second study night, patients' self-assessed preference was established through a drug preference questionnaire. 62% of patients preferred zolpidem, while 38% preferred zaleplon (p = 0.08). The quality of sleep items getting to sleep and quality of sleep were significantly more improved after zolpidem (p = 0.03 and p < 0.0001, respectively). On the VAS, subjective sleep quality was significantly better after zolpidem (p < 0.0001). Diurnal awakeness and quality of day life were satisfying in both groups, without significant difference. The subjective total duration of sleep was 8.0 h for zolpidem and 8.1 h for zaleplon (n.s.). Safety was good and similar between the two drugs. Insomniac patients tended to prefer zolpidem to zaleplon on both nocturnal and diurnal assessments. These results provide additional information for the physician's choice, based on the patient's preference for a given drug.To establish the efficacy of melatonin treatment in childhood sleep onset insomnia, 40 elementary school children, 6 to 12 years of age, who suffered more than 1 year from chronic sleep onset insomnia, were studied in a double-blind, placebo-controlled study. The children were randomly assigned to receive either 5-mg melatonin or placebo. The study consisted of a 1-week baseline, consecutively followed by a 4-week treatment period. After that period, treatment was continued if the parents wished so. The study's impact was assessed by measurements of lights-off time, sleep onset, and wake-up time, recorded in a diary (n = 33). Sleep onset was also recorded with an actigraph (n = 25). Endogenous dim light melatonin onset was measured in saliva (n = 27). Sustained attention was evaluated with the Bourdon-Vos reaction time test (n = 36). In the melatonin group, mean (95% CI) lights-off time advanced 34 (6-63) minutes, diary sleep onset 63 (32-94) minutes, actigraphic sleep onset 75 (36-114) minutes, and melatonin onset 57 (24 to 89) minutes; total sleep time increased 41 (19-62) minutes. In the placebo group, these parameters did not shift significantly. The change during the 4-week treatment period differed between the treatment groups significantly as to lights-off time, diary and actigraphic sleep onset, sleep duration, and melatonin onset. There were no significant differences between the treatment groups in the change of sleep latency, wake-up time, and sustained attention reaction times. Mild headache occurred in 2 children during the first 2 days of the melatonin treatment. Eighteen months after the start of the trial, in 13 of the 38 children who could be followed up, melatonin treatment was stopped because their sleep problem was solved and in 1 child because sleep was not improved. Twelve children used melatonin 5 mg, the other 1.0 to 2.5 mg. One child developed mild generalized epilepsy 4 months after the start of the trial. The results show that melatonin, 5 mg at 6 PM, was relatively safe to take in the short term and significantly more effective than placebo in advancing sleep onset and dim light melatonin onset and increasing sleep duration in elementary school children with chronic sleep onset insomnia. Sustained attention was not affected.Insomnia is a frequent complaint in the elderly population. Hypnotic agents, including benzodiazepines, with longer pharmacological half-lives have been associated with side effects, including residual sedation, memory impairment, and discontinuation effects. Zaleplon is a short-acting (elimination half-life of 1 hour), non-benzodiazepine hypnotic that acts on the benzodiazepine type 1 site of the gamma-aminobutyric acid type A (GABA(A)) receptor complex. The pharmacology and pharmacokinetics of Zaleplon suggest a safety profile that is improved over other hypnotics. The objective of this placebo-controlled study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of Zaleplon (5 and 10 mg) in elderly (> or =65 years) outpatients with primary insomnia. This was a multicenter, double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled 2-week outpatient study. Postsleep questionnaires were used to record subjective sleep variables: sleep latency, sleep duration, number of awakenings, and sleep quality. Zaleplon significantly reduced subjective sleep latency during both weeks of the study with both 5- and 10-mg doses. Subjective sleep quality was improved for significantly more patients treated with zaleplon 10 mg than those treated with placebo during both weeks of treatment. There was a weak indication of rebound insomnia after discontinuation of treatment with the 10-mg dose, but no significant difference in common treatment-emergent adverse events across treatment groups. Zaleplon is an effective and safe hypnotic for the treatment of insomnia in the elderly.The efficacy and safety of three doses of zaleplon, a novel non-benzodiazepine hypnotic, were compared with those of placebo in outpatients with insomnia in this 4-week study, using zolpidem 10 mg as active comparator. Postsleep questionnaires were used to determine treatment effects on the patient's perception of sleep, as well as any development of pharmacological tolerance during therapy or rebound insomnia or withdrawal symptoms upon discontinuation of therapy. During week 1, sleep latency was significantly shorter with zaleplon 5, 10, and 20 mg compared to placebo. The significant decrease in sleep latency persisted through week 4 with zaleplon 20 mg, and was again evident with zaleplon 10 mg at week 3. Zaleplon 20 mg also had significant effects on sleep duration, number of awakenings, and sleep quality compared to placebo. No pharmacological tolerance developed during treatment with zaleplon and there were no indications of rebound insomnia or withdrawal symptoms after treatment discontinuation. Zolpidem 10 mg had significant effects on sleep latency, sleep duration, and sleep quality compared to placebo. However, a significantly greater incidence of withdrawal symptoms and a suggestion of sleep difficulty after treatment discontinuation (rebound insomnia) for all sleep measures was seen with zolpidem compared to placebo. There was no significant difference in the frequency of adverse events with active treatment compared to placebo. These results show that zaleplon provides effective treatment of insomnia with a favourable safety profile.On a short-term basis administration of zolpidem (10 mg) appeared as effective and well tolerated as triazolam (0.25 mg)--and thus zolpidem constitutes a suitable alternative for the treatment of insomnia in general practice.The efficacy and safety of zolpidem, a hypnotic of a new chemical class (the imidazopyridines), was compared with a reference benzodiazepine in elderly insomniac patients in a randomized, double-blind, multicenter trial. Hospitalized patients aged 58 to 98 years were randomized to receive zolpidem 5 mg (70 patients), zolpidem 10 mg (74 patients), or triazolam 0.25 mg (77 patients) at bed-time. (Three patients were excluded and 13 patients did not complete the study.) The 3-week active treatment period was preceded by 3 and followed by 7 days of placebo administration. Sleep quality was assessed by the patient via a questionnaire and visual analog scale. A clinician's global impression was also recorded. All measures of sleep quality were improved by both doses of zolpidem and by triazolam. The improvements between the end of the placebo phase and the end of the active treatment phase were significant for all treatments and assessment instruments. Moreover, the significant improvements in all measures were maintained during the week following withdrawal of both doses of zolpidem. The improvement in most sleep assessment parameters was maintained after withdrawal of triazolam. Tolerability of all treatments was excellent. The majority of patients reported no adverse effects. The reported adverse effects in all groups included nightmares, daytime drowsiness, and day- or nighttime agitation. There was no evidence of rebound insomnia; the therapeutic effect of zolpidem outlasted drug treatment. There were no signs of agitation or anxiety following cessation of treatment, which might be indicative of withdrawal phenomena. Confusion was recorded only in the triazolam group. These results suggest that zolpidem is at least as effective as triazolam in geriatric insomniac patients. Zolpidem 5 mg and 10 mg demonstrated a good safety profile. On the basis of these data, zolpidem 5 mg should be given as a starting dose in elderly patients, with a possible increase up to 10 mg in more severe cases of insomnia.Twenty-one (three groups of seven), men and women, 25-50 years of age were studied to determine whether or not rebound insomnia would increase the likelihood of self administering a benzodiazepine (triazolam 0.25 mg) hypnotic. The groups compared were patients with insomnia and disturbed sleep, insomnia and normal sleep, and healthy normals. Rebound insomnia, by both subjective and polysomnographic assessment, was induced. The experience of rebound insomnia did not increase the likelihood of self administering a benzodiazepine hypnotic in any of the groups. There were clear group differences in pill self administration with normals rarely and insomnia patients frequently, but not differentially (placebo versus active drug) self administering pills.Estazolam, a triazolobenzodiazepine with an intermediate elimination half-life, has been shown previously to be an effective and safe hypnotic in insomniacs without concomitant psychiatric illness. Our study of the efficacy of estazolam in patients with insomnia associated with generalized anxiety disorder began when 108 patients meeting criteria for generalized anxiety disorder (mean total score of Hamilton Rating Scale for Anxiety [HAM-A] = 22.0 +/- 3.1 [SD]) and insomnia were given single-blind placebo for 7 nights. Nine patients whose anxiety and/or insomnia improved were dropped as placebo responders. The remaining 99 patients were randomly allocated (1:1) to double-blind treatment with either estazolam 2.0 mg or matching placebo for 7 nights. Hypnotic efficacy, as determined by patient-completed sleep questionnaires, was statistically significant for estazolam 2.0 mg versus placebo for all sleep indices (p less than 0.01). Patients treated with estazolam 2.0 mg showed significantly greater improvement in anxiety than those receiving placebo on the mean total score of HAM-A ([placebo, -3.4; estazolam, -7.1; p less than 0.001] and without the insomnia item [placebo, -2.7; estazolam, -5.5; p less than 0.001]). Anxiety scores on the State-Trait Anxiety Inventory showed greater improvement in the estazolam group, but without statistical significance (p = 0.237). Estazolam 2.0 mg is an effective hypnotic in patients with generalized anxiety disorder and appears to have a favorable anxiolytic action.Estazolam is a new benzodiazepine hypnotic agent with an intermediate half-life of 12 to 15 hours. The authors designed an investigation to compare its hypnotic efficacy to that of flurazepam, generally considered the reference standard. The hypnotic efficacy of estazolam at two doses (1 mg and 2 mg) was compared with that of flurazepam (30 mg) in a double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter, 7-night study that involved 223 outpatients with insomnia. On subjective assessments of the patients, no differences were noted between estazolam 2 mg and flurazepam 30 mg on any of six sleep parameters. Patients who were receiving estazolam 1 mg rated their sleep significantly better than did patients who were receiving placebo on all parameters except sleep latency. Global evaluation of the physicians indicated significant improvement in quality of sleep, sleep depth, sleep duration, and nocturnal awakenings in all three active treatment groups; estazolam 2 mg and flurazepam also decreased sleep latency significantly. The percentage of patients who reported any adverse experience was 68% for flurazepam, 58% for estazolam 2 mg, and 54% for estazolam 1 mg; the incidence of adverse events in the placebo group was 43%. In conclusion, estazolam 2 mg was found to be as effective a hypnotic as flurazepam 30 mg. Estazolam 1 mg is also effective in the treatment of outpatients with insomnia, but to a lesser degree.The usefulness of the antihistaminic agent diphenhydramine hydrochloride was evaluated using a double-blind procedure at sleeping doses of 12.5, 25, and 50 mg in 144 psychiatric patients with insomnia. The general condition of the patients with insomnia was at least "slightly improved" in 62.5% (12.5-mg group), 60% (25-mg group), and 67.4% (50-mg group) after treatment with the test drug for 2 weeks. Side effects were observed in a total of 11 patients (7.6%) but were not severe. No symptoms suggestive of drug dependence were evident. Global improvement was not influenced by patient background factors except for the presence or absence of previous treatment for insomnia. The hypnotic effect of diphenhydramine hydrochloride was significantly greater in patients who had not been treated previously. A dose-dependent increase in the hypnotic effect was also seen in patients who had not received any previous treatment. Diphenhydramine hydrochloride thus appears to be effective in the treatment of insomnia, but the appropriate dosage will depend on previous medical treatment of insomnia.Zopiclone (7.5 mg), a cyclopyrrolone derivative with a 6.5 h half-life, and flurazepam (30 mg) were compared to placebo in a randomized double-blind study involving 36 adult patients suffering from insomnia. All previous psychotropic drugs were discontinued 1 week prior to the study. During 4 weeks, 12 patients received zopiclone, 12 flurazepam and the others placebo. Thereafter, all patients received single-blind placebo for 3 nights. Rapidity of sleep onset, sleep duration, frequency of nocturnal awakenings, psychomotor coordination and side-effects were assessed daily with a questionnaire and a symptom checklist. The results of the study suggest that zopiclone 7.5 mg was at least as potent as flurazepam 30 mg in inducing and maintaining sleep. Both drugs maintained their efficacy during the 4 weeks of treatment. However, the two drugs differed in that flurazepam impaired psychomotor coordination whereas zopiclone did not demonstrate daytime protracted effects on psychomotor performance. Upon discontinuation of drug treatment, score values of the different sleep parameters under study returned to the baseline values. Side-effects were mild and consistent with earlier studies.",
 "Little data exists concerning whether eating behaviors determine the response to orlistat treatment, especially with added anorectic agents. This study was a sub-investigation of a 12-week randomized controlled trial for the additive effect of orlistat on sibutramine treatment. The analysis presented here was restricted to 98 women who had fulfilled the protocol. The Dutch eating behavior questionnaire and three-factor eating questionnaire were used to assess eating behaviors. Scores of emotional eating, external eating, disinhibition and hunger are significantly interrelated. Using multiple logistic analysis with adjustment for potential confounders, such as age, initial BMI and the other 2 eating behavior scores, traits of emotional eating (OR 0.30, 95% CI 0.13-0.74) and disinhibition (OR 0.61, 95% CI 0.40-0.82) have a significant influence on prediction for additional 5% weight loss in the treatment with orlistat and sibutramine. Subjects with less vulnerability to emotional cues had significantly more weight loss with orlistat treatment and anorectic agents.The long-term inhibition of intestinal lipase by orlistat increases the pre-prandial levels of GLP-1 and PYY, independent of body mass changes. Therefore, it seems that long-term treatment with orlistat may exert hunger suppressing and insulin sensitizing incretin effect beyond weight reduction.Orlistat improves endothelial function and reduces bodyweight, BMI, fasting total and LDL-cholesterol in obese adolescents when combined with dietary control. Improvement in endothelial function if maintained could reflect long-term cardiovascular benefit.clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00516919.Constipation is a common and potentially fatal side effect of clozapine treatment. Another important side effect of clozapine may also be significant weight gain. Orlistat is a weight-control medication that is known to induce loose stools as a common side effect. This study aimed to explore whether orlistat used to control clozapine-induced weight gain can simultaneously tackle clozapine-related constipation. In this 16-week randomized-controlled study, clozapine-treated patients received add-on orlistat (n=30) or add-on placebo (n=24). Colonic function was measured using the Bristol Stool Form Scale. There was a significant (P=0.039) difference in the prevalence of constipation in favor of orlistat over placebo in completers (n=40) at the endpoint. A decrease in the prevalence of constipation within the orlistat group (P=0.035) was observed (vs. no statistically significant changes in the placebo group). In clozapine-treated patients, orlistat may be beneficial not only for weight control but also as a laxative. As no established treatments for clozapine-induced constipation exist, orlistat can be considered for this population, although more studies are required.Phentermine 15 mg plus extended-release topiramate 92 mg induced significant weight reductions and concomitant improvements in OSA and related symptoms vs placebo. This suggests weight loss mediated by phentermine 15 mg plus extended-release topiramate 92 mg may be useful in treatment of moderate to severe OSA in obese subjects unable or unwilling to comply with PAP treatment.This represents the first report from any randomized placebo-controlled trial for BED that has reported follow-up data after completing a course of medication-only treatment. CBT + placebo was superior to fluoxetine-only, and adding fluoxetine to CBT did not enhance findings compared to adding placebo to CBT. The findings document the longer term effectiveness of CBT, but not fluoxetine, through 12 months after treatment completion.Low-dose topiramate treatment for 4 weeks, relative to placebo, had no significant effect on insulin sensitivity in overweight/obese adult females without established diabetes.Some patients felt that orlistat was beneficial for weight loss; however, overall, they did not show benefit from its addition to their preoperative weight loss management.A 56-week randomized controlled trial was conducted to evaluate safety and efficacy of a controlled-release combination of phentermine and topiramate (PHEN/TPM CR) for weight loss (WL) and metabolic improvements. Men and women with class II and III obesity (BMI  35 kg/m(2)) were randomized to placebo, PHEN/TPM CR 3.75/23 mg, or PHEN/TPM CR 15/92 mg, added to a reduced-energy diet. Primary end points were percent WL and proportions of patients achieving 5% WL. Secondary end points included waist circumference (WC), systolic and diastolic blood pressure (BP), fasting glucose, and lipid measures. In the primary analysis (randomized patients with at least one postbaseline weight measurement who took at least one dose of assigned drug or placebo), patients in the placebo, 3.75/23, and 15/92 groups lost 1.6%, 5.1%, and 10.9% of baseline body weight (BW), respectively, at 56 weeks (P < 0.0001). In categorical analysis, 17.3% of placebo patients, 44.9% of 3.75/23 patients, and 66.7% of 15/92 patients, lost at least 5% of baseline BW at 56 weeks (P < 0.0001). The 15/92 group had significantly greater changes relative to placebo for WC, systolic and diastolic BP, fasting glucose, triglycerides, total cholesterol, low-density lipoprotein (LDL), and high-density lipoprotein (HDL). The most common adverse events were paresthesia, dry mouth, constipation, dysgeusia, and insomnia. Dropout rate from the study was 47.1% for placebo patients, 39.0% for 3.75/23 patients, and 33.6% of 15/92 patients. PHEN/TPM CR demonstrated dose-dependent effects on weight and metabolic variables in the direction expected to be beneficial with no evidence of serious adverse events induced by treatment.To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study investigating the effect of orlistat on insulin resistance and markers of inflammation. Orlistat improved lipid profile and led to faster glycaemic control and insulin resistance parameters than the control, without any serious adverse event. Orlistat also improved RBP-4 and visfatin, effects not observed with placebo.These findings suggest that over-the-counter 60mg orlistat, in combination with the type of advice a subject could expect to be given when obtaining 60mg orlistat in a community setting, does indeed result in potentially clinically beneficial changes in body composition and risk factors for metabolic diseases.Orlistat is effective in inducing a weight-independent higher reduction in post-prandial NEFA levels than dietary treatment alone along with increase in GH peak, IGF-I levels, and IGFI/ IGFBP-3 ratio. These results might add a new potential benefit of orlistat in the management of obese subjects.Vivus.To evaluate the effects of 1-year treatment with orlistat plus L-carnitine compared to orlistat alone on body weight, glycemic and lipid control, and inflammatory parameters in obese type 2 diabetic patients. Two hundred and fifty-eight patients with uncontrolled type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) [glycated hemoglobin (HbA(1c)) > 8.0%] in therapy with different oral hypoglycemic agents or insulin were enrolled in this study and randomized to take orlistat 120 mg three times a day plus L-carnitine 2 g one time a day or orlistat 120 mg three times a day. We evaluated the following parameters at baseline and after 3, 6, 9, and 12 months: body weight, body mass index (BMI), glycated hemoglobin (HbA(1c) ), fasting plasma glucose (FPG), postprandial plasma glucose (PPG), fasting plasma insulin (FPI), homeostasis model assessment insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR), total cholesterol (TC), low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C), high-density lipoprotein cholesterol (HDL-C), triglycerides (Tg), adiponectin (ADN), leptin, tumor necrosis factor- (TNF-), vaspin, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (Hs-CRP). We observed a better decrease in body weight, glycemic profile, HOMA-IR, LDL-C, and ADN and a faster improvement in FPI, TC, Tg, leptin, TNF-, Hs-CRP with orlistat plus L-carnitine compared to orlistat alone. We also recorded an improvement in vaspin with orlistat plus l-carnitine not reached with orlistat alone. Orlistat plus L-carnitine gave a better improvement in body weight, glycemic and lipid profile compared to orlistat alone; furthermore, a faster and better improvement in inflammatory parameters was observed with orlistat plus L-carnitine compared to orlistat alone.Short-term phentermine DCR treatment resulted in significant reduction in weight and improvement of metabolic parameters, including waist circumference and some lipid profiles, without clinically severe adverse events. Further study is needed to show long-term efficacy and safety of phentermine DCR in Korean patients with obesity.Early weight loss predicts a favourable outcome in both placebo-treated and orlistat-treated subjects but is more than 2 times more likely to occur in the orlistat group. Addition of orlistat should be considered as part of a weight loss intervention but reevaluated after 3 months of treatment.controlled-trials.com Identifier: ISRCTN65731856.Phentermine is the most widely used antiobesity drug in the United States. Although no evidence of phentermine addiction has been published, fear that phentermine has addiction potential has contributed to curtailment of its worldwide use in clinical practice. The aim of this study was to evaluate the abuse and addiction potential of long-term phentermine pharmacotherapy in patients in a weight management program. Thirty-five patients in a weight management program who abruptly stopped taking prescribed phentermine on their own initiative were examined using the 18-item Kampman Cocaine Selective Severity Assessment scale modified for phentermine. The Kampman Cocaine Selective Severity Assessment scale has also been modified by McGregor for amphetamines to assess withdrawal from amphetamine in amphetamine-addicted subjects. For comparison, 35 new patients were examined with the same scale before any treatment was initiated. Data from the treated and untreated groups were compared by t test with each other and with published data from amphetamine-addicted subjects. There were no significant differences in individual items or total scores between the patients who stopped phentermine abruptly and the patients who had never taken phentermine. There was a striking and significant difference in individual and total scores between the phentermine-treated subjects and the amphetamine-dependent subjects. Cravings for the substance abused, the hallmark characteristic of substance dependence and withdrawal, were entirely absent in the phentermine-treated subjects. Abrupt cessation of long-term phentermine therapy does not induce amphetamine-like withdrawal. Long-term phentermine therapy does not induce phentermine cravings. Symptoms observed after abrupt phentermine cessation represent loss of therapeutic effect and are not withdrawal.Orlistat was more effective than placebo in ameliorating inflammatory parameters such as ADN and TNF-alpha, and anthropometric parameters.We investigated the factors influencing triglycerides (TG) reduction during ezetimibe, alone or combined with orlistat, administration. Eighty-six obese hypercholesterolemic subjects were prescribed a low-fat diet and were randomized to ezetimibe (E group), orlistat (O group), or both (OE group) for 6 months. Plasma TG and apolipoprotein (apo) C-III reduction was significantly greater in the combination group compared with monotherapy. Multivariate analysis showed that in E group apoC-III reduction and baseline TG levels were independently positively correlated, whereas baseline apoC-II levels were negatively correlated, with TG lowering. In OE group apoC-III reduction was the only independent contributor to TG reduction.Visceral adipose tissue-derived serpin (vaspin) has been regarded as a novel adipokine with potential insulin sensitizing properties. We investigated the changes of serum vaspin concentration in response to weight reduction, and the associations between changes in serum vaspin concentrations and changes of anthropometric and metabolic variables in obese subjects after weight reduction. We performed a longitudinal clinical intervention study on 63 obese persons enrolled in a 12-week weight reduction program that included lifestyle modification and adjuvant treatment with the antiobesity agent orlistat. Anthropometric variables, lipid profiles, fasting glucose, fasting insulin, and serum vaspin concentrations were measured. Statistical analyses were performed according to the homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance (HOMA(IR)). Serum vaspin concentrations decreased significantly in responders (2% reduction in baseline weight), but not in nonresponders (<2% reduction in baseline weight). Changes in serum vaspin concentrations were significantly correlated with body weight, BMI, waist circumference, and hip circumference in the higher, but not in the lower, HOMA(IR) group. In multivariate linear regression analysis, change in serum vaspin concentrations in the higher, but not in the lower, HOMA(IR) group was positively correlated with change in BMI and negatively correlated with initial HOMA(IR) level. The associations between changes in serum vaspin concentrations and changes in anthropometric and metabolic parameters differed according to insulin resistance status in obese subjects. These relationships were more prominent in the higher HOMA(IR) group. Insulin resistance may influence the correlations between changes in serum vaspin concentration and related metabolic variables.Treatment with orlistat plus a reduced calorie diet for 6 months achieved significant reductions in weight, BMI and lipid parameters.Obesity, characterized by hyperleptinemia and hypoghrelinemia, has become a major health problem all over the world and is associated with an increased risk of complications including insulin resistance, hypertension, dyslipidemia, diabetes mellitus and atherosclerosis. The use of the pancreatic lipase inhibitor Orlistat can help seriously overweight people to achieve and maintain weight loss. The aim of our study was to compare the serum leptin and ghrelin levels in obese subjects who take orlistat with those receiving only dietary treatment. Twenty-one obese patients and 10 control subjects participated. The obese patients were divided into two groups; one group (n=11) took orlistat (120 mg, 3 times daily) and received dietary treatment and the other (n=10) only received the dietary treatment. The study lasted twelve weeks. The concentrations of serum ghrelin, leptin, insulin and C-peptide, and routine biochemical parameters, were measured in both groups. The serum ghrelin level was higher in control (183+/-62 fmol/ml) than obese (59+/-30 fmol/ml) subjects while the plasma leptin level was lower in control (8.7+/-12 microg/L) than obese (36.7+/-19 microg/L) subjects (all p<0.001). BMI and the total blood cholesterol, LDL and triglyceride levels fell significantly after both orlistat and dietary treatment in the obese subjects (all p<0.01), and the plasma ghrelin level rose (p<0.01). The leptin level demonstrated the opposite trend in both groups but only the patients taking orlistat showed a significant change (p<0.05).Taken together, these results show that orlistat has no effect on body weight in obese subjects additional to that conferred by a non-pharmacological life-style intervention. We therefore conclude that weight lost rather than type of treatment might be more valuable in obesity.Domestic orlistat combined with a light low-energy diet promoted significant weight loss, which was comparable with that of imported orlistat after 24 weeks of treatment. There was also improvement in blood pressure and serum levels of TC and LDL-C. Domestic orlistat was as effective and safe as imported orlistat in the treatment of obesity.For similar body weight reduction, the combination of ezetimibe with orlistat may be more efficient in LDL-C lowering, whereas the combination of ezetimibe with rimonabant may be more potent in terms of improving HDL-C and triglycerides.Diethylpropion plus diet produced sustained and clinically significant weight loss over 1 year. It seems to be safe in relation to cardiovascular and psychiatric aspects in a well-selected population.The objective of this multicenter, randomized, double-blind study was to determine the efficacy and safety of cetilistat and orlistat relative to placebo in obese patients with type 2 diabetes, on metformin. Following a 2-week run-in, patients were randomized to placebo, cetilistat (40, 80, or 120 mg three times daily), or orlistat 120 mg t.i.d., for 12 weeks. The primary endpoint was absolute change in body weight from baseline. Secondary endpoints included other measures of obesity and glycemic control. Similar reductions in body weight were observed in patients receiving cetilistat 80 or 120 mg t.i.d. or 120 mg t.i.d. orlistat; these reductions were significant vs. placebo (3.85 kg, P = 0.01; 4.32 kg, P = 0.0002; 3.78 kg, P = 0.008). In the 40 mg t.i.d. and placebo groups, reductions were 2.94 kg, P = 0.958 and 2.86 kg, respectively. Statistically significant reductions in glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA(1c)) were noted. Cetilistat was well tolerated, and showed fewer discontinuations due to adverse events (AEs) than in the placebo and orlistat groups. Discontinuation in the orlistat group was significantly worse than in the 120 mg cetilistat and placebo groups and was entirely due to gastrointestinal (GI) AEs. Treatment with cetilistat 80 or 120 mg t.i.d., or with orlistat 120 mg t.i.d., significantly reduced body weight and improved glycemic control relative to placebo in obese diabetic patients. Cetilistat was well tolerated with the number of discontinuations due to AEs being similar to placebo.The objective of the study was to investigate the effect of long-term (3.2 years) weight loss on serum levels of the nontraditional cardiovascular risk factors interleukin (IL)-18 and matrix metalloproteinase (MMP)-9. Moreover, we wanted to assess the significance of the magnitude of the weight loss and evaluate the potential effects of 36 months of treatment with the lipase inhibitor orlistat on these parameters. Sixty-eight abdominally obese subjects completed 8 weeks of very low energy diet (600-800 kcal/d) followed by 36 months of randomized treatment with either orlistat or placebo together with lifestyle intervention. Serum levels of IL-18, MMP-9, and leptin were measured by flowmetric xMAP technology (Luminex, Austin, TX). Changes in the levels of IL-18, MMP-9, and leptin were similar in the orlistat and the placebo group during this study. Thus, the 2 groups were combined for further analysis. A weight loss of 8.4 +/- 8.8 kg from baseline to 3.2 years was associated with significant decreases in IL-18 (P < .001), MMP-9 (P < .01), and leptin (P < .001). Matrix metalloproteinase-9 was, however, significantly increased after 8 weeks of very low energy diet-induced weight loss (P < .05). The long-term changes in IL-18 were significantly associated with changes in body mass index independent of changes in blood pressure and lipids (P < .05). Levels and changes of IL-18 and MMP-9 were significantly positively associated at 3.2 years (P < .01). Long-term changes in leptin were significantly associated with changes in IL-18 (P < .01) at 3.2 years. Diet-induced long-term weight loss decreased IL-18 and MMP-9. The decrease in IL-18 was associated with changes in body mass index independent of changes in blood pressure and lipids, indicating that even a minor weight reduction (>5%) has beneficial effects on nontraditional cardiovascular risk markers. Orlistat treatment had no independent effects on IL-18, MMP-9, or leptin in the present study.The use of orlistat compared with placebo in a lifestyle modification programme does not appear to influence dietary intake. Subjects that chose to take orlistat after the end of the programme did not comply with dietary recommendations and this may hamper the effect of the drug.Orlistat, an inhibitor of digestive lipases, is widely used for the treatment of obesity. Previous reports on the effect of orally ingested orlistat together with a meal on gastric emptying and secretion of gut peptides that modulate postprandial responses are controversial. We investigated the effect of ingested orlistat on gastric emptying and plasma responses of gut peptides in response to a solid mixed meal with a moderate energy load. In healthy subjects, gastric emptying was determined using scintigraphy and studies were performed without and with 120 mg of orlistat in pellet form in random order. Orlistat shortened t lag and t half and decreased the area under the gastric emptying curve. Orlistat significantly attenuated the secretion of glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) but did not alter the plasma responses of cholecystokinin (CCK), glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1), pancreatic polypeptide (PP), and insulin. There was no peptide YY (PYY) response. Area under the curve of gastric emptying was positively correlated with integrated secretion of GIP (r=0.786) in orlistat and was negatively correlated with integrated plasma response of GLP-1 (r=-0.75) in control experiments, implying that inhibition of fat absorption modifies determinants of gastric emptying of a meal. Orlistat administered similar to its use in obesity treatment accelerates gastric emptying of a solid mixed meal with a moderate energy load and profoundly attenuates release of GIP without appreciably altering plasma responses of CCK, GLP-1, and PP. Since GIP is being implemented in the development of obesity, its role in weight control attained by orlistat awaits further investigation.Both metformin and orlistat show a similar effect on weight loss, ovulation rates and androgen concentrations. However, the effects on ovulation rates need to be confirmed in larger studies. The presence of a low baseline serum LH was found to be the most important predictor of ovulation. The study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov. NCT00292799.The aim of this study was to determine if orlistat, an inhibitor of fat absorption, combined with caloric restriction in overweight subjects with nonalcoholic steatohepatitis results in weight loss and improved liver histology. Fifty overweight subjects (body mass index = >or=27) with biopsy proven nonalcoholic steatohepatitis were randomized to receive a 1,400 Kcal/day diet plus vitamin E (800 IU) daily with or without orlistat (120 mg three times a day) for 36 weeks. Liver biopsies were repeated at week 36. Twenty-three subjects in the orlistat/diet/vitamin E group and 18 in the diet/vitamin E group completed the study. The mean age was 47 +/- 9.0 (standard deviation) years and mean body mass index was 36.4 +/- 6.3 kg/m(2). Four subjects were diabetic. The orlistat group lost a mean of 8.3% body weight compared to 6.0% in the diet plus vitamin E group (not significant). Both groups also had similarly improved serum aminotransferases, hepatic steatosis, necroinflammation, ballooning, and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease activity scores. Stratified according to weight loss instead of treatment group, a loss of >or=5% body weight (n = 24) compared to <5% body weight (n = 17) correlated with improvement in insulin sensitivity (P = 0.001) and steatosis (P = 0.015). Comparing subjects who lost >or=9% of body weight (n = 16), to those that did not (n = 25), improved insulin sensitivity (P < 0.001), adiponectin (P = 0.03), steatosis (P = 0.005), ballooning (P = 0.04), inflammation (P = 0.045), and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease activity score (P = 0.009) were seen. Increases in adiponectin strongly correlated with improved ballooning and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease activity score (P = 0.03). Orlistat did not enhance weight loss or improve liver enzymes, measures of insulin resistance, and histopathology. However, subjects who lost >or=5% of body weight over 9 months improved insulin resistance and steatosis, and those subjects who lost >or=9% also achieved improved hepatic histologic changes.One dose of 120 mg orlistat made no changes in postprandial serum glucose, insulin, and leptin levels, although leptin-level increases were smaller in patients receiving orlistat.No adverse effect on the GE and a moderate prolongation of the OCTT of a low-fat solid meal is to be expected under a prolonged treatment with orlistat at a typical dosage regimen.Previous studies support the use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), in overweight patients with Binge Eating Disorder (BED), but results are far from conclusive. Sertraline has been studied less extensively, and there have been a few studies concerning SSRIs that report follow-up data at more than 12 weeks of follow-up. The present study assesses the effectiveness of sertraline and fluoxetine over a period of 24 weeks in obese patients with BED (DSM-IV-TR). Forty-two obese outpatients were randomized and assigned to one of two different drug treatments: 22 were treated with sertraline (dose range: 100-200 mg/day) and 20 with fluoxetine (dose range: 40-80 mg/day). Subjects were assessed at baseline and at 8, 12, and 24 weeks of treatment for binge frequency, weight loss, and severity of psychopathology. No significant differences were found between the two treatments. After 8 weeks of treatment a significant improvement in the Binge Eating Scale score and a significant weight loss emerged. These results were maintained by responders (weigh loss of at least 5% of baseline weight) over 24 weeks. The results suggest that a 6-month treatment with SSRI may be an effective option to treat patients with BED.Orlistat and ezetimibe combination had a more favourable effect on LDL-C and sdLDL-C levels in overweight and obese hypercholesterolaemic patients than either drug alone. Furthermore, orlistat, alone or in combination with ezetimibe, additionally improved several anthropometric and metabolic variables.Without a hypocaloric diet, the effect of orlistat in overweight/obese clozapine-or olanzapine-treated patients is modest and may only be seen in men. More studies should define the optimal length of treatment and feasibility of combination of orlistat with behavioral programs in this population.This study indicates that sibutramine treatment produced greater reduction in weight than orlistat in obese, poorly-controlled type 2 diabetic patients. However, no significant differences in waist circumference, and lipid or glucose levels were found between the two groups.A specially designed nutritionist-led lifestyle modification programme for obese subjects is effective in weight maintenance after treatment with Orlistat, in the absence of which the benefits of drug treatment were lost. The magnitude of the effect of lifestyle modification is comparable to that observed with Orlistat.Orlistat administration, combined with diet, for 24 weeks, resulted in significant weight loss and improvement of insulin resistance in obese women, with or without PCOS. Moreover, T levels were significantly decreased in women with PCOS. There appears to be a trend during the first 12-week period for greater improvement of metabolic and hormonal parameters in women with PCOS.",
 "Naproxen sodium, when used as a sole acute treatment early in attacks, appears to reduce the frequency of headache days and migraine attacks for a select number of subjects over a 3-month period. SumaRT/Nap is more effective at 2-hour headache reduction than naproxen sodium alone, but has less impact on reducing attack frequency or the number of headache days. Both treatments were well tolerated, and there was no convincing evidence that either medication led to MOH.A combination of SumaRT/Nap (group A) did not appear to reduce migraine headache frequency over a 3-month period. Subjects using naproxen sodium (group B) alone and completing the study per protocol had a marked statistically significant reduction in migraine headache days. Both groups completing the study per protocol had experienced clinically meaningful 2-hour headache relief. This suggests there may be a subset of patients with chronic migraine that are responsive to high doses of naproxen as an acute intervention with a significant prophylactic benefit. Subjects randomized to SumaRT/Nap experience benefit, primarily as an acute intervention. This hypothesis may warrant future larger scale clinical trials. Frequent dosing of SumaRT/Nap or naproxen sodium was well tolerated in this study.Migraine is a widespread, relapsing, remittent syndrome. No animal model predicts whether test medications will be clinically useful. Using a modern, well-controlled, sophisticated study design, Derosier et al. demonstrates not only that a butalbital formulation has modest efficacy as an acute treatment for migraine but also that a sumatriptan-naproxen combination is superior. These conclusions are reached using a variety of internally consistent secondary efficacy end points. The primary end point chosen (highly conservative and fashionable in some academic circles) was a technical failure (and not a negative experimental finding). Migraine is intrinsically pleiomorphic: diverse treatment options help match patient with therapy. This study does not justify blanket bans on (admittedly hazardous) barbiturate therapies, and regulators should not impose end point conservatism to an extent that will stifle further progress.In this study, we compared the efficacy and tolerability of the combination of paracetamol 1,000 mg + caffeine 130 mg (PCF) with sumatriptan 50 mg (SUM) in migraine attacks. This was a multi-center randomized double-blind, double-dummy, cross-over controlled trial. The efficacy was assessed by the sum of pain intensity differences, the curve of mean pain intensity, the number of pain free at 2 h, and the total pain relief. Tolerability was assessed by recording adverse events within 4 h after drug assumption and evaluating the global judgement of patients. The comparison of these parameters did not show differences between the two drugs which resulted absolutely overlapping in pain relief and patients evaluation. In conclusion, we confirm the efficacy and safety of PCF such as SUM in the treatment of migraine attacks.Migraine with aura affects ~20-30 % of migraineurs and it is much less common than migraine without aura. The aim of this study was to compare the efficacy of frovatriptan 2.5 mg and zolmitriptan 2.5 mg in the treatment of migraine with aura. Analysis was carried out in a subset of 18 subjects with migraine with aura (HIS criteria) out of the 107 enrolled in a multicenter, randomized, double-blind, cross-over study. According to the study design, each patient had to treat three episodes of migraine in no more than 3 months with one drug, before switching to the other treatment. The rate of pain-free episodes at 2 h was significantly (p < 0.05) larger under frovatriptan (45.8 %) than under zolmitriptan (16.7 %). Pain free at 4 h, pain relief at 2 and 4 h and recurrent episodes were similar between the two treatments, while sustained pain-free episode was significantly (p < 0.05) more frequent during frovatriptan treatment (33.3 vs. 8.3 % zolmitriptan). Our study suggests that frovatriptan is superior to zolmitriptan in the immediate treatment of patients with migraine with aura, and it is capable of maintaining its acute analgesic effect over 48 h.All doses of suma/nap were well tolerated, providing similarly effective acute treatment of adolescent migraine pain and associated symptoms, as compared with placebo.Anti-inflammatory and pain therapies have been associated with blood pressure (BP) destabilization. Hence, the effects on BP of sumatriptan/naproxen sodium in fixed-dose combination, sumatriptan 85 mg, and naproxen sodium 500 mg administered intermittently for the acute treatment of migraine attacks were assessed. Patients with migraine with or without aura and no history of hypertension were randomized to sumatriptan/naproxen sodium (n=135), sumatriptan (n=136), or naproxen sodium (n=136) to treat migraine attacks for 6 months in a double-blind, parallel-group trial. Following a treated migraine attack, patients performed 2 consecutive days of self-measured BPs beginning 24 hours after the last dose of study medication and transmitted them by a transtelephonic modem. The primary end point was the change from baseline in self-measured BP at 6 months. Changes in self-measured BP from baseline to 6 months for sumatriptan/naproxen sodium were -2.1/-1.5 mm Hg (95% confidence intervals, -3.4 to -0.8 for systolic and -2.6 to -0.3 for diastolic). Mean changes from baseline in self-measured BP did not differ among the 3 treatment groups. Additional categorical analyses did not show increases from baseline with sumatriptan/naproxen sodium relative to either of the monotherapy groups. Intermittent acute migraine treatment with sumatriptan/naproxen sodium for up to 6 months was associated with clinically insignificant decreases in self-measured BP that were similar to those with sumatriptan or naproxen alone in normotensive patients with migraine.In adolescent migraineurs, after up to 12 months and over 12,000 exposures to sumatriptan/naproxen sodium, there were no new or clinically significant findings in the safety parameters, including the frequency and nature of adverse events, as compared to the individual components or to the adverse event profile in adults. In addition, sumatriptan/naproxen sodium provided freedom from pain over time, improvements in quality of life and medication satisfaction.The initiation of attack treatment with frovatriptan at low severity of migraine symptoms is more effective than starting therapy at higher symptom levels. Together with the low recurrence headache rate, the decreased necessity for escape medication and the low number of tablets needed, these data demonstrate that operationalised intervention with frovatriptan 2.5 mg is a valuable method for improving the treatment of migraine attacks.NCT00893737.A fixed-dose combination tablet containing sumatriptan and naproxen sodium significantly improved patient satisfaction, productivity, and restoration of normal functioning in menstrual migraineurs with dysmenorrhea.This study shows that this formulation of diclofenac potassium for oral solution is effective in reducing pain intensity within 30 minutes, which may be related to the 15-minute T(max) associated with this formulation. The rapid-onset benefits were sustained through 24 hours post-treatment.The aim of this study was to prepare fast-disintegrating tablets (FDTs) of diclofenac potassium with sufficient integrity as well as a pleasant taste, using two different fillers and binders: Tablettose 70() and Di-Pac(). Tablets were made with direct compression method. Tablet properties such as porosity, hardness, and disintegration time were determined. Diclofenac potassium determinations were carried out using a validated spectrophotometric method for the analysis of drug. Furthermore, in vivo experiments were carried out to compare the analgesic effect and the time to relieve migraine headache between the commercial tablets and FDTs of diclofenac potassium against placebo. Results showed that FDTs of diclofenac potassium with durable structure and desirable taste can be prepared using both fillers and binders but tablets prepared with Di-Pac had a better taste so the tablet formulation containing Di-Pac was chosen for in vivo experiments. Placebo controlled in vivo trial demonstrated that 50 mg diclofenac potassium, administered as a single dose of FDTs or commercial tablets, was effective in relieving the pain and both of them were superior to placebo.Almotriptan 12.5 mg was well tolerated in this adolescent population over a 12-month period. No unexpected safety or tolerability concerns were revealed over the course of this study. The results are consistent with almotriptan 12.5 mg being effective for the acute treatment of pain and symptoms associated with migraine in both younger and older adolescents.The combination tablet of sumatriptan/naproxen sodium has unique pharmacokinetic properties. The rapid absorption of sumatriptan with the delayed-release properties of naproxen sodium from sumatriptan/naproxen sodium might contribute to its therapeutic advantage over monotherapy with either component. No clinically meaningful effects of food, administration during a migraine attack, or administration of a second tablet (2 hours after initial dose) on the pharmacokinetics or safety of sumatriptan/naproxen sodium were observed.In migraineurs who reported poor response to a short-acting triptan, sumatriptan/naproxen sodium was generally well tolerated and significantly more effective than placebo in conferring initial, intermediate, and sustained efficacy for pain and migraine-associated symptoms of photophobia and phonophobia.Oral contraceptive-induced menstrual migraine (OCMM) is a poorly defined migraine subtype mainly triggered by the cyclic pill suspension. In this pilot, open-label trial we describe its clinical features and evaluate the efficacy of frovatriptan in the treatment of its acute attack. During the first 3 months of the study 20 women (mean age 32.2+/-7.0, range 22-46) with a 6-month history of pure OCMM recorded, in monthly diary cards, clinical information about their migraine. During the 4th menstrual cycle they treated an OCMM attack with frovatriptan 2.5 mg. The majority of attacks were moderate/severe and lasted 25-72 h or more, in the presence of usual treatment. Generally an OCMM attack appeared within the first 5 days after the pill suspension, but in 15% of cases it started later. After frovatriptan administration, headache intensity progressively decreased (2.4 at onset, 1.6 after 2 h, 1.1 after 4 h and 0.8 after 24 h; p=0.0001). In 55% of patients pain relief was reported after 2 h. Ten percent of subjects were pain-free subjects after 2 h, 35% after 4 h and 60% after 24 h (p=0.003 for trend); 36% relapsed within 24 h. Rescue medication was needed by 35% of patients; 50% of frovatriptan-treated required a second dose. Concomitant nausea and/or vomiting, photophobia and phonophobia decreased significantly after drug intake. OCMM is a severe form of migraine; actually its clinical features are not always exactly identified by the ICHD-II classification. However, treatment with frovatriptan 2.5 mg might be effective in its management.The aim of this study was to determine whether in migraine patients with and without aura early treatment with various triptans leads to differences in pain reduction after 1 h and in modulating cutaneous allodynia. Thirty-six patients with early manifestation of a clinically recognizable allodynia of the face and non-responders to earlier treatment with sumatriptan 100 mg were included. Patients were randomized to six triptan treatment groups. Significant pain reduction was seen only in the group receiving zolmitriptan nasal spray 5 mg with a mean visual analogue scale (VAS) score of 3.8 (s.d. 1.2) at baseline and 2.4 (s.d. 1.3; P = 0.015) at 1 h after using the triptan and was thus a predictor of a VAS score 3 within 1 h. The study results indicate that migraine headache intensity can be reduced within 1 h by using zolmitriptan 5 mg nasal spray in spite of the presence of early cutaneous allodynia.Rizatriptan 10 mg was superior to placebo for the treatment of PMM, as measured by 2-hour pain relief. Rizatriptan was also effective for the treatment of MRM and for relief of migraine-associated symptoms for both headache subtypes.The objective of the present study was to explore the clinical efficacy and tolerability of GW406381, a cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitor with relatively high CNS penetration, in acute migraine. This was a double-blind, single-dose study of GW406381 compared with placebo and naproxen sodium compared with placebo (protocol number CXA20008). Three hundred and thirty-seven subjects were randomized 1:1:1 to GW406381 (70 mg), naproxen sodium (825 mg), or placebo for the treatment of one migraine headache of moderate or severe intensity in a potential 8-week period. The primary end-point was the proportion of subjects with headache relief [reduction in headache severity score from pre-dose 2 (moderate) or 3 (severe) to 0 (no pain) or 1 (mild)] at 2 h post-dose for GW406381 compared with placebo. Significantly higher proportions of subjects treated with GW406381 (50%, P = 0.032) or naproxen sodium (56%, P = 0.005) than with placebo (35%) reported headache relief at 2 h post-dose. Additional significant benefits were observed on many secondary outcomes, including proportions of subjects pain-free, for both GW406381 and naproxen sodium treatment compared with placebo. Both active treatments were well tolerated. Single-dose GW406381 (70 mg) and naproxen sodium (825 mg) were effective and well tolerated in the treatment of acute migraine.Either prochlorperazine 10 mg intravenously or metoclopramide 20 mg intravenously, combined with diphenhydramine 25 mg intravenously, is an efficacious treatment for ED patients with acute migraine. Three quarters of subjects in both arms would want the same medication for their next migraine.Rizatriptan 10 mg was effective for the treatment of menstrual migraine in an early intervention model, as measured by 2-hour pain freedom. Rates of 2-hour pain freedom were comparable for patients treating menstrual and non-menstrual migraine attacks with rizatriptan.Acute treatment of menstrual migraine (MM) attacks is often incomplete and unsatisfactory, and perimenstrual prophylaxis with triptans, oestrogen supplementation or naproxen sodium may be needed for decreasing frequency and severity of the attack. In this pilot, open-label, non-randomised, parallel group study we evaluated, in 38 women with a history of MM, the efficacy of frovatriptan (n=14) 2.5 mg per os or transdermal oestrogens (n=10) 25 microg or naproxen sodium (n=14) 500 mg per os once-daily for the short-term prevention of MM. All treatments were administered in the morning for 6 days, beginning 2 days before the expected onset of menstrual headache. All women were asked to fill in a diary card, in the absence of (baseline) and under treatment, in order to score headache severity. All women reported at least one episode of MM at baseline. During treatment all patients taking transdermal oestrogens or naproxen sodium and 13 out of the 14 patients (93%) taking frovatriptan had at least one migraine attack (p=0.424). Daily incidence of migraine was significantly (p=0.045) lower under frovatriptan than under transdermal oestrogens or NS. At baseline, the overall median score of headache severity was 4.6, 4.2 and 4.3 in the group subsequently treated with frovatriptan, transdermal oestrogens and naproxen sodium, respectively (p=0.819). During treatment the median score was significantly lower under frovatriptan (2.5) than under transdermal oestrogens (3.0) and naproxen sodium (3.9, p=0.049). This was evident also for each single day of observation (p=0.016). Among treatments differences were particularly evident for the subgroup of patients with true MM (n=22) and for frovatriptan vs. naproxen sodium. This study suggests that short-term prophylaxis of MM with frovatriptan may be more effective than that based on transdermal oestrogens or naproxen sodium.Treatment with sumatriptan/naproxen sodium allowed significantly more subjects to return to normal or mildly impaired functioning more quickly, and sumatriptan/naproxen sodium patients were significantly more satisfied with their treatment compared with other treatment groups. Overall productivity loss was significantly reduced following use of sumatriptan/naproxen sodium.Patient-weighted satisfaction with eletriptan 40 mg was higher than with previous treatment for all items. The use of patient-weighted importance ratings of satisfaction is a promising approach for establishing effectiveness of treatment in primary care.In comparison with naproxen sodium, celecoxib was equally effective in relieving pain in acute migraine and caused significantly less gastric pain.The times to PR and PF in a 'naturalistic' setting were significantly shorter for patients treating a migraine attack with rizatriptan 10 mg than with other oral triptans.Sumatriptan/naproxen sodium provides consistent relief of migraine attacks over 12 months, resulting in improved patient satisfaction and migraine specific quality of life.At baseline, the PQ-7 and FAIM-IMMF items that assessed ability to perform tasks requiring concentration, sustained work or attention, and ability to think quickly or spontaneously, were especially sensitive to the effects of mild headache pain, with 27% to 48% of patients (n = 92-112) reporting moderate-to-severe impairment. Only 11.3% of patients (n = 112) reported this level of impairment due to mild pain on the FIS. Functional response at 2 hours was significantly higher on eletriptan 40 mg versus placebo on the FAIM-A&P (63% vs 36%; n = 218; P < .0001); on the PQ-7 (56% vs 34%; n = 116; P= .0052); and on the FAIM-IMMF (50% vs 34%; n = 215; P= .017). These rates were all lower than the functional response rates on the FIS for eletriptan 40 mg (75%) and eletriptan 20 mg (70%) versus placebo (45%; P < .001). Conclusions.-In this exploratory analysis, use of multidimensional scales was found to provide a sensitive measure of headache-related functional impairment, especially for detecting clinically meaningful cognitive effects, and for detecting drug versus placebo differences.These are the first prospective studies to use criteria for menstrual migraine proposed in the 2004 revision of the International Classification of Headache Disorders (ICHD-II) to examine the efficacy of rizatriptan for treatment of a menstrual attack. Two identical protocols (MM1 and MM2) were randomized, parallel, placebo-controlled, double-blind studies. Adult women with ICHD-II menstrual migraine were assigned to either rizatriptan 10-mg tablet or placebo in a 2 : 1 ratio. Patients treated a single menstrual migraine attack of moderate or severe pain intensity. The primary end-point was 2-h pain relief and the secondary end-point was 24-h sustained pain relief. A total of 707 patients (MM1 357, MM2 350) treated a menstrual migraine attack. The percentage of patients reporting 2-h pain relief was significantly greater for rizatriptan than for placebo (MM1 70% vs. 53%, MM2 73% vs. 50%), as was the percentage of patients reporting 24-h sustained pain relief (MM1 46% vs. 33%; MM2 46% vs. 33%). Rizatriptan 10 mg was effective for the treatment of ICHD-II menstrual migraine, as measured by 2-h pain relief and 24-h sustained pain relief.In this randomized, double-blind, crossover clinical trial, adult patients treated two migraine attacks: one with almotriptan 12.5 mg and the other with ergotamine 2 mg plus caffeine 200 mg. Treatment with almotriptan was associated with a significantly greater proportion of patients achieving 2-h pain free (20.9% vs. 13.7%; P < 0.05) and 2-h pain relief (57.7% vs. 44.5%; P < 0.01) compared with ergotamine plus caffeine therapy; significant differences were not seen at 1 h. Rates for sustained pain free and sustained pain free plus no adverse events (AEs) also were significantly greater after almotriptan treatment than after the use of ergotamine plus caffeine (P < 0.05). Almotriptan was associated with a significantly lower rate of photophobia at 90 min (P < 0.05), phonophobia at 60, 90, and 120 min (P < 0.05 to <0.01), and nausea and vomiting at 90 and 120 min (P < 0.01) compared with ergotamine plus caffeine. A significantly greater proportion of patients were more satisfied with almotriptan than with ergotamine plus caffeine (P < 0.05). Sixteen patients reported adverse events during almotriptan treatment and 27 patients reported AEs during the ergotamine plus caffeine therapy. Most AEs were mild-to-moderate and did not result in treatment-related discontinuations. In conclusion, almotriptan was associated with significantly greater efficacy for treating migraine compared with ergotamine plus caffeine, was generally well tolerated and was associated with greater rate of treatment satisfaction.In this 12-month data set of more than 24,000 migraine attacks in 565 patients, sumatriptan-naproxen sodium formulated in a single tablet was well tolerated when used episodically for the treatment of acute migraine. The adverse events did not differ from those expected for the individual components alone, and no new or unexpected findings occurred.Hydrosoluble diclofenac epolamine (DHEP) represents an interesting approach to acute migraine attacks, where gastrointestinal motility and drug absorption are often reduced. Its efficacy was investigated in a randomized, crossover, double-blind trial on 155 patients who treated four consecutive mild-to-moderate migraine attacks, either with DHEP (65-mg sachet) or placebo. If pain was not relieved within 1 h, a second dose was given. The total number of treated attacks was 481. A pain-free condition was achieved within 2 h in 45.8% and 25.1% of attacks treated, respectively, with DHEP or placebo (P < 0.0001), with a therapeutic gain of 20.7%. Time to attack resolution, light and noise sensitivity and impact on working ability were significantly reduced by DHEP compared with placebo. Moreover, significantly fewer patients required a second drug dose or a rescue medication when treated with DHEP than with placebo. No adverse reaction was recorded. In conclusion, DHEP was effective and safe for pain relief in patients with an acute mild-to-moderate migraine attack.Zolmitriptan 5 mg nasal spray provides favourable efficacy and tolerability in the acute treatment of migraine attacks. Most patients assessed zolmitriptan nasal spray as 'better' than previous treatment, with nearly all wishing to continue using it.Most migraine patients with infrequent attacks are currently not treated with migrainespecific medication such as triptans. The response of these patients to triptans is unknown. The objective of this study was to investigate the efficacy and tolerability of sumatriptan 50 mg vs. placebo in migraine patents with infrequent migraine attacks when medication is taken during the mild phase of an attack. The study design was double-blind, placebocontrolled, parallel-group and randomised. Migraine patients were recruited by general practitioners and referred to one of 4 study centres. Additional patients were recruited by advertising. The patients were eligible for the study if they had between 6 and 12 migraine attacks with or without aura per year. The patients were instructed to take the medication during the mild phase of a single attack. The primary efficacy measure was the percentage of patients pain-free after 2 h. Fortysix percent of treated attacks were moderate or severe. In the intention-to-treat analysis, sumatriptan was superior (20/51 patients were pain-free) to placebo (8/47 patients pain-free) (p=0.03). Adverse events (AEs) occurred more frequently after sumatriptan (40%) than after placebo (13%) (p=0.003) and most AEs were mild or moderate. In this migraine population with infrequent attacks, sumatriptan was superior to placebo and was generally well tolerated.In this selected population, treatment of a migraine attack with rizatriptan 10 mg was associated with a faster time to pain freedom and onset of pain relief compared with treatment with usual-care oral migraine medications. Patients reported greater satisfaction with and preference for rizatriptan.The objective of the open-label, multicenter Migraine--Satisfaction with Treatment: Reality with Almogran study was to assess efficacy, tolerability, and satisfaction with almotriptan 12.5 mg among migraineurs who were not achieving adequate results with their current acute therapy. Data from 434 patients (342 evaluable), were obtained for 929 attacks by 154 neurologists in France. Using a questionnaire developed by the National Agency for Accreditation and Evaluation in Health (ANAES), almotriptan was associated with an increased proportion of patients experiencing significant relief at 2 h (69.3 vs. 26.6%), tolerating the medication well (91.2 vs. 76.0%), able to resume activities (70.5 vs. 24.9%), and taking only 1 dose (59.4 vs. 28.1%) compared with previous therapies. At 2 h, headache pain had disappeared in 33.4% of attacks and was mild in 26.9%. Recurrence rate was 28.4% and rescue analgesics were used in 20.9% of attacks. The rate of adverse event-related discontinuations was 2.6%. The proportion of patients who were very satisfied/satisfied overall with almotriptan treatment was 69%. Almotriptan 12.5 mg was effective, well-tolerated and associated with a high rate of treatment satisfaction in patients whose previous acute migraine therapy was inadequate according to the ANAES recommendations.Rizatriptan 10 mg was superior to placebo when treating migraine early, while pain is mild, as measured by pain freedom at 2 hours and 24-hour sustained pain freedom.Although this study did not include a placebo arm, which impairs any definitive efficacy claims, we found LC and NS to be similarly effective and well tolerated in patients presenting moderate or severe attacks of migraine.Both sumatriptan 50 mg and 100 mg were significantly superior to placebo for the pain-free end point at two hours. The pain-free response rates in this trial where sumatriptan was taken while the headache was still mild were generally higher than in older clinical trials where headache was treated after reaching a moderate or severe intensity.Randomised controlled trials cannot collect all the data relevant for use in everyday clinical practice because drug exposure is limited, endpoints are restricted and some patient populations are excluded. Postmarketing surveillance (PS) studies can add important information for real-world clinical practice. Acute migraine therapy with almotriptan 12.5 mg was evaluated in 4 PS studies, 2 conducted in Spain, 1 in Germany and 1 in France. Almotriptan was associated with a high rate of treatment response and was well tolerated in all 4 studies. In the Spanish and German studies, 2-hour pain-relief, 2-hour pain-free, and sustained painfree rates were enhanced when patients treated mild pain. Patient satisfaction with almotriptan, assessed in the German and French studies, was high and the majority of patients preferred almotriptan to their previous acute migraine therapy. In conclusion, PS studies augment our knowledge of antimigraine therapy, giving a more complete picture of how such agents work in the general population.In phase one of the REALIZE study, zolmitriptan nasal spray demonstrated a significant headache response from 10 min post-dose and total symptom relief from 30 min post-dose. The objective of phase two was to investigate patients' dosing patterns, satisfaction and preference following open-label treatment with the nasal spray. Up to 3 attacks were treated. The ITT population consisted of 851 patients. The median time from onset of symptoms to treatment was 1 h 15 min (primary endpoint). Most patients reported being satisfied or very satisfied with zolmitriptan nasal spray (75.7%). Furthermore, the majority of patients would be willing to use zolmitriptan nasal spray in the future (59.8%) and preferred zolmitriptan nasal spray over previous therapies (57.8%). Zolmitriptan nasal spray was well tolerated. Most patients were satisfied with zolmitriptan nasal spray, were willing to continue using it and preferred it to previous therapies.The aim of this prospective, randomised, double-blind study was to evaluate the efficacy of intramuscular (IM) tramadol 100 mg in emergency department treatment of acute migraine attack and to compare it with that of IM diclofenac sodium 75 mg. Forty patients who were admitted to our emergency department with acute migraine attack according to the International Headache Society criteria were included in the study. Patients were randomised to receive either tramadol 100 mg (n=20) or diclofenac sodium 75 mg (n=20) intramuscularly. Patients rated their pain on a four-point verbal scale (0=none, 1=mild, 2=moderate, 3=severe) at the beginning of the trial and at 30, 60, 90 and 120 min. At each time interval, severity of associated symptoms were also questioned and recorded. Global evaluation of the drugs by patients and doctors were also recorded. Patients were also asked if they would prefer the same injection in future visits. Any adverse events, whether related to the drug or not, were also recorded. Patients were followed up by telephone 48 h later to check for any headache recurrence. Two-hour pain response rate, which was the primary endpoint, was 80% for both tramadol and diclofenac groups. There were no statistically significant differences among groups in terms of 48-h pain response, rescue treatment, associated symptoms' response, headache recurrence and adverse event rates. Fifteen (75%) patients in the tramadol group and 16 (80%) patients in the diclofenac group stated that they may prefer the same agent for future admissions. In selected patients, tramadol 100 mg IM may be an effective and reliable alternative treatment choice in acute migraine attacks.Almotriptan is more effective than placebo and similarly well-tolerated for the acute treatment of migraine in patients who responded poorly to oral sumatriptan.We investigated efficacy, safety, and tolerability of two tablets of the fixed combination of 250 mg acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) + 200 mg paracetamol + 50 mg caffeine (Thomapyrin) in comparison with two tablets of 250 mg ASA + 200 mg paracetamol, two tablets of 500 mg ASA, two tablets of 500 mg paracetamol, two tablets of 50 mg caffeine, and placebo in patients who were used to treating their episodic tension-type headache or migraine attacks with non-prescription analgesics. For the primary endpoint "time to 50% pain relief" in the intention-to-treat dataset (n = 1743 patients), the fixed combination of ASA, paracetamol and caffeine was statistically significantly superior to the combination without caffeine (P = 0.0181), the mono-substances ASA (P = 0.0398), paracetamol (P = 0.0016), caffeine (P < 0.0001) and placebo (P < 0.0001). All active treatments except caffeine differed significantly (P < 0.0001) from placebo. The superior efficacy of the triple combination could also be shown for all secondary endpoints such as time until reduction of pain intensity to 10 mm, weighted sum of pain intensity difference (%SPIDweighted), extent of impairment of daily activities, global assessment of efficacy. All treatments were well tolerated. The incidence of adverse events observed was low.This is among the first prospective studies to demonstrate that multi-mechanism acute therapy for migraine, combining a triptan and an analgesic, is well tolerated and offers improved clinical benefits over monotherapy with these selected standard antimigraine treatments. Specifically, sumatriptan 50 mg (encapsulated) and naproxen sodium 500 mg resulted in significantly superior pain relief as compared to monotherapy with either sumatriptan 50 mg (encapsulated) or naproxen sodium 500 mg for the acute treatment of migraine. Because encapsulation of the sumatriptan for blinding purposes may have altered its pharmacokinetic profile and thereby decreased the efficacy responses, additional studies are warranted that do not involve encapsulation of the active treatments and assess the true onset of action of multi-mechanism therapy in migraine. This study did show that the combination of sumatriptan and naproxen sodium was well tolerated and that there was no significant increase in the incidence of adverse events compared to monotherapy.The combination of acetaminophen, aspirin, and caffeine was significantly more effective (P > .05) than sumatriptan in the early treatment of migraine, as shown by superiority in summed pain intensity difference, pain relief, pain intensity difference, response, sustained response, relief of associated symptoms, use of rescue medication, disability relief, and global assessments of effectiveness. An additional, larger clinical trial is needed to confirm these results.Almotriptan 12.5 mg is an effective and well-tolerated alternative for patients who respond poorly to sumatriptan 50 mg. A poor response to one triptan does not predict a poor response to other agents in that class.The aim of the study is to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of the five triptans that are commercially available in Italy (zolmitriptan 2.5 mg, rizatriptan 10 mg, sumatriptan 100 mg, almotriptan 12.5 mg and eletriptan 40 mg). The study was conducted in single-blind versus placebo and its duration was 18 months. At the Headache Centre of the 'Agostino Gemelli' Hospital in Rome we selected 42 patients, suffering from headache with and without aura (International Headache Society Committee on Headache Classification, 1988 Cephalalgia 8:1-96), whose headache frequency ranged between 1- and 4-monthly crises. For a total of 25 crises, for every five consecutive crises, a different triptan was taken. The end-points of the study were as follows: response at 2 h, 'pain free' at 2 h and 'sustained pain free' (at 24 h). The intra-patient consistency and the tolerability were also evaluated. Thirty patients completed the study and the statistical analysis was only applied to these patients. No substantial difference in terms of the efficacy of the triptans was noted; all triptans were well tolerated. These results suggest the possibility of testing different triptans in the same patient in order to identify the ideal drug for every patient.Almotriptan 12.5 mg is an effective and well-tolerated alternative for patients who respond poorly to sumatriptan 50 mg. A poor response to one triptan does not predict a poor response to other agents in that class.A significant headache response as early as 30 minutes post-dose and good maintenance of this headache response at 24 hours makes zolmitriptan 5 mg ODT an excellent acute treatment for migraine. Together with the relatively low adverse event rate, these data demonstrate that zolmitriptan 5 mg ODT is a valuable therapy for migraine sufferers.Sumatriptan nasal spray 20 mg is generally well tolerated and may be beneficial during long-term use by adolescent migraineurs ages 12 to 17 years.Rizatriptan 5 mg was not more effective than placebo in the treatment of a single migraine attack in adolescents, but appeared to be more effective than standard care for treating multiple attacks occurring over 1 year in these patients. Rizatriptan 5 mg was well tolerated in adolescents during short-term and long-term use.Migraine is a common medical condition affecting more than 10% of population in Poland. Acute migraine attacks are often associated with gastrointestinal symptoms ranging from mild nausea to vomiting. The present study was specifically designed to compare the efficacy of the combination of lysine acetylsalicylate and metoclopramide (1620 mg LAS + 10 mg MTC--Migpriv) and ergotamine plus caffeine (2 mg ERG + 200 mg CAF--Coffecorn forte) in the treatment of migraine headache and nausea. 98 patients with migraine meeting HIS criteria were randomized. The primary endpoint was the number of patients having headache relief and no nausea or vomiting two hours after the drug intake. Significantly more Migpriv treated patients than Coffecorn ones were free of headache two hours after drug administration (58.7% vs. 35.7% respectively: p<0.002). Reported adverse events were rare and transient. Migpriv was significantly more effective than Coffecorn forte in relieving the migraine attack symptoms.This randomized, double-blind, two-attack, placebo-controlled, crossover study explored the efficacy and tolerability of rizatriptan 10 mg compared with sumatriptan 50 mg as well as rizatriptan 5 mg compared with sumatriptan 25 mg in the acute treatment of migraine. Following randomization to one of six possible treatment sequences, patients (n = 1447) treated two sequential attacks, of moderate or severe intensity, separated by at least 5 days. Patients assessed pain severity, migraine-associated symptoms, and functional disability at 0.5, 1, 1.5, and 2 h post treatment. Compared with placebo, all treatments were effective. On the primary endpoint of time to pain relief, rizatriptan 10 mg was not statistically different from sumatriptan 50 mg [odds ratio (OR) 1.10, P = 0.161], and rizatriptan 5 mg was statistically superior to sumatriptan 25 mg (OR 1.22, P = 0.007). In general, rizatriptan 10 mg and 5 mg treatment resulted in improvement compared with the corresponding doses of sumatriptan on measures of pain severity, migraine symptoms, and functional disability and the 5-mg dose reached statistical significance on almost all measures. All treatments were generally well tolerated.Initiation of treatment with almotriptan 12.5 mg within the first hour after acute migraine onset resulted in a significantly higher sustained pain-free response compared with placebo. There was no significant difference in sustained pain-free rates between sumatriptan and placebo. These results are consistent with those from a previous open-label trial, and suggest that early intervention with almotriptan can improve clinical outcome.",
 "A 44-year-old woman with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and a noradrenaline-secreting phaeochromocytoma is described. She experienced as great improvement in cardiovascular symptoms during double-blind treatment with the calcium-channel blocker nifedipine compared with the placebo period. Symptom relief on nifedipine therapy was associated with a pronounced decline in elevated urinary noradrenaline levels. This observation suggests that calcium-channel blockers interfere with the release of noradrenaline from phaeochromocytoma tissue and thus may be beneficial in patients with phaeochromocytoma.",
 "This study seems to be the largest in terms of number of imported uncomplicated malaria cases treated by AP. The high rate of reported digestive ADR is striking and should be taken into account in the follow-up of patients since it could affect their adherence to the treatment. Beside AP, artemisinin combination therapy (ACT) is now recommended as first-line regimen. A comparison of AP and ACT, in terms of efficacy and tolerance, would be useful.Although artesunate is clearly superior, parenteral quinine is still used widely for the treatment of severe malaria. A loading-dose regimen has been recommended for 30 years but is still often not used. A population pharmacokinetic study was conducted with 75 Tanzanian children aged 4 months to 8 years with severe malaria who received quinine intramuscularly; 69 patients received a loading dose of 20 mg quinine dihydrochloride (salt)/kg of body weight. Twenty-one patients had plasma quinine concentrations detectable at baseline. A zero-order absorption model with one-compartment disposition pharmacokinetics described the data adequately. Body weight was the only significant covariate and was implemented as an allometric function on clearance and volume parameters. Population pharmacokinetic parameter estimates (and percent relative standard errors [%RSE]) of elimination clearance, central volume of distribution, and duration of zero-order absorption were 0.977 liters/h (6.50%), 16.7 liters (6.39%), and 1.42 h (21.5%), respectively, for a typical patient weighing 11 kg. Quinine exposure was reduced at lower body weights after standard weight-based dosing; there was 18% less exposure over 24 h in patients weighing 5 kg than in those weighing 25 kg. Maximum plasma concentrations after the loading dose were unaffected by body weight. There was no evidence of dose-related drug toxicity with the loading dosing regimen. Intramuscular quinine is rapidly and reliably absorbed in children with severe falciparum malaria. Based on these pharmacokinetic data, a loading dose of 20 mg salt/kg is recommended, provided that no loading dose was administered within 24 h and no routine dose was administered within 12 h of admission. (This study has been registered with Current Controlled Trials under registration number ISRCTN 50258054.).ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00379821.Single-dose atovaquone-proguanil provides effective malaria chemoprophylaxis against P. falciparum challenge at dosing intervals supportive of weekly dosing. Postexposure prophylaxis 4 days after challenge was 100% effective.Eighty adults in areas of Kenya where malaria is holoendemic received presumptive treatment with atovaquone-proguanil and were followed closely. The time to the first Plasmodium falciparum parasitemia was 32 days. This prolonged prophylaxis period has implications for study design when used in malaria intervention trials and cautiously suggests clinical investigation of potential preexposure prophylaxis of malaria."]["MFNS 200 g twice daily significantly increased minimal-symptom days vs amoxicillin or placebo in patients with ARS. Results of this intranasal corticosteroids (INS) therapy indicate it can improve outcomes and potentially reduce inappropriate antibiotic use.This study evaluated the effect of mometasone furoate nasal spray (MFNS) on health-related quality of life (HRQoL) in patients with acute, uncomplicated rhinosinusitis. In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, HRQoL was assessed in 340 patients using the SinoNasal Outcome Test (SNOT)-20 questionnaire at baseline and after 15 days of treatment with MFNS 200 g once-daily (q.d.) or twice-daily (b.i.d.), amoxicillin 500 mg three times daily (t.i.d.), or placebo. Baseline mean total scores for SNOT-20 were similar in the four groups (2.15-2.23). At endpoint, there was a statistically significant improvement in mean total score only with MFNS 200 g b.i.d. (p = 0.047 versus placebo). MFNS was associated with numerical improvements in all SNOT-20 items compared with placebo. Treatment with MFNS 200 g b.i.d. is associated with a significant improvement in HRQoL compared with placebo in patients with acute, uncomplicated rhinosinusitis.The addition of intranasal corticosteroid, MFNS 400 microg twice daily, to antibiotics significantly reduces symptoms of acute sinusitis compared with antibiotic treatment alone.",
 "Parkinson's disease dementia (PDD) is associated with cholinergic deficits. This report presents an efficacy and safety study of the acetylcholinesterase inhibitor donepezil hydrochloride in PDD. PDD patients (n = 550) were randomized to donepezil (5 or 10 mg) or placebo for 24 weeks. Coprimary end points were the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale-cognitive subscale (ADAS-cog) and Clinician's Interview-Based Impression of Change plus caregiver input (CIBIC+; global function). Secondary end points measured executive function, attention, activities of daily living (ADLs), and behavioral symptoms. Safety and tolerability were assessed. ADAS-cog mean changes from baseline to week 24 (end point) were not significant for donepezil in the intent-to-treat population by the predefined statistical model (difference from placebo: -1.45, P = .050, for 5 mg; -1.45, P = .076, for 10 mg). Alternative ADAS-cog analysis, removing the treatment-by-country interaction term from the model, revealed significant, dose-dependent benefit with donepezil (difference from placebo: -2.08, P = .002, for 5 mg; -3.31, P < .001, for 10 mg). The 10-mg group, but not the 5-mg group, had significantly better CIBIC+ scores compared with placebo (3.7 vs 3.9, P = .113, for 5 mg; 3.6 vs 3.9, P = .040, for 10 mg). Secondary end points-Mini-Mental State Exam; Delis-Kaplan Executive Function System; Brief Test of Attention, representing cognitive functions particularly relevant to PDD-showed significant benefit for both donepezil doses (P  .007). There were no significant differences in ADLs or behavior. Adverse events were more common with donepezil but mostly mild/moderate in severity. Although the study did not achieve its predefined primary end points, it presents evidence suggesting that donepezil can improve cognition, executive function, and global status in PDD. Tolerability was consistent with the known safety profile of donepezil.  2012 Movement Disorder Society.",
 "Pioglitazone has been shown to reduce the occurrence of fatal and nonfatal myocardial infarction (MI) in type 2 diabetes mellitus (DM). However, the mechanisms of such favorable effects remain speculative. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of pioglitazone on arterial baroreflex sensitivity (BRS) and muscle sympathetic nerve activity (MSNA) in 30 DM patients with recent MI. Patients were randomly assigned to those taking pioglitazone (n = 15) and those not taking pioglitazone (n = 15) at 4 weeks after the onset of MI. BRS, MSNA, calculated homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance index (HOMA-IR), and plasma adiponectin were measured at baseline and after 12 weeks. Pioglitazone increased plasma adiponectin (from 6.9  3.3 g/dL to 12.2  7.1 g/dL) and reduced HOMA-IR (from 4.0  2.2 to 2.1  0.9). In the pioglitazone group, MSNA decreased significantly (from 37  7 bursts/min to 25  8 bursts/min) and BRS increased significantly (from 6.7  3.0 to 9.9  3.2 ms/mm Hg) after 12 weeks. Furthermore, a significant relationship was found between the change in MSNA and HOMA-IR (r = 0.6, P = 0.042). Thus, pioglitazone decreased the sympathetic nerve traffic through the improvement of insulin resistance in DM patients with recent MI, which indicate that the sympathoinhibitory effects of pioglitazone may, at least in part, have contributed to the beneficial effects of pioglitazone.This pilot study suggests that equivalent glycemic control without increase in severe hyperglycemia may be achieved using iGlar with background iReg. Data outputs were controlled by both CBG and CGMS measurements in a real-life setting to ensure reliability. Based on CGMS measurements, there were significant numbers of glycemic excursions outside of the target range. However, this was not detected by CBG. In addition, the data indicate that previous use of sulfonylurea may be a potential major risk factor for severe hypoglycemia irrespective of the type of insulin treatment.Administration of L-arginine has been shown to control ischemic injury by producing nitric oxide which dilates the vessels and thus maintains proper blood flow to the myocardium. In the present study attempt has been made to determine whether oral administration of L-arginine has any effect on oxidant/ antioxidant homeostasis in ischemic myocardial patients [represented by the patients of acute angina (AA) and acute myocardial infarction (MI)]. L-arginine has antioxidant and antiapoptotic properties, decreases endothelin-1 expression and improves endothelial function, thereby controlling oxidative injury caused during myocardial ischemic syndrome. Effect of L-arginine administration on the status of free radical scavenging enzymes, pro-oxidant enzyme and antioxidants viz. total thiols, carbonyl content and plasma ascorbic acid levels in the patients has been evaluated. We have observed that L-arginine administration (three grams per day for 15 days) resulted in increased activity of free radical scavenging enzyme superoxide dismutase (SOD) and increase in the levels of total thiols (T-SH) and ascorbic acid with concomitant decrease in lipid per-oxidation, carbonyl content, serum cholesterol and the activity of proxidant enzyme, xanthine oxidase (XO). These findings suggest that the supplementation of L-arginine along with regular therapy may be beneficial to the patients of ischemic myocardial syndromes.Both the level of hyperglycaemia and cortisol levels on admission are predictive for the subsequent abnormal glucose tolerance development in hyperglycaemic AMI patients. Hyperglycaemia in patients who are more unwell (i.e. higher cortisol) reflects the stressed state rather than underlying glucose intolerance. Conversely, if the patient is less sick (i.e. lower cortisol), hyperglycaemia is more likely to reflect underlying glucose intolerance.The use of clopidogrel in addition to standard therapy for AMI is safe and effective. Long-term clopidogrel treatment decreases angina recurrence rate.",
 "There is insufficient evidence concerning the efficacy of antiviral treatment of Bell's palsy (BP). We therefore compared the efficacy of prednisone and famciclovir to prednisone treatment alone in BP. A total of 167 consecutive patients with untreated acute BP were included. Severity of BP was evaluated using the House-Brackmann scale (HBS) and virus antibody tests (herpes simplex virus, varicella zoster virus) were performed. Patients admitted on even dates were treated with prednisone ("P group") and patients admitted on odd dates were treated with prednisone and famciclovir ("P+F group"). 117 patients completed the follow-up after 3 months or later (67 P/51 P+F). While most patients showed at least partial recovery with both treatment types, improvement of at least 4 grades in the HBS was more common in the "P+F group" (29.4 % vs. 11.9 %), whereas smaller changes of less than 3 grades were more common in the "P group" (29.9 % vs. 17.6 %; Chi-square test, p = 0.02). Patients with complete BP (HBS grade of 5 or 6) had significantly better chances of reaching normal function if treated with famciclovir additionally instead with prednisone alone (73.7 % vs. 47.1 %; Cochran-Armitage trend test, p = 0.03). These results suggest that the combined treatment of famciclovir and prednisolone should be considered (at least) in patients with severe BP.",
 "Among stable patients with CAD and with an LDL-C >70 mg/dL on simvastatin 20 mg, increasing simvastatin dose to 80 mg or adding ezetimibe 10 mg promoted similar further cholesterol reduction but did not have incremental effects on circulating EPCs. These data suggest that the effects of simvastatin moderate doses on EPCs are not increased by intensive lipid-lowering strategies (clinicaltrials.gov: NCT00474123).The low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) lowering efficacy of switching to ezetimibe/simvastatin (EZ/S) 10/20 mg versus doubling the run-in statin dose (to simvastatin 40 mg or atorvastatin 20 mg) or switching to rosuvastatin 10 mg in subjects with cardiovascular disease (CVD) and diabetes was assessed. Endpoints included percentage change in LDL-C and percentage of patients achieving LDL-C <70 mg/dL. Significantly greater reductions in LDL-C occurred when switching to EZ/S versus statin doubling in the overall population and in subjects treated with simvastatin 20 mg or atorvastatin 10 mg (all p < 0.001). The LDL-C reduction was numerically greater when switching to EZ/S versus switching to rosuvastatin (p = 0.060). Significantly more subjects reached LDL-C <70 mg/dL with EZ/S (54.5%) versus statin doubling (27.0%) or rosuvastatin (42.5%) in the overall population (all p < 0.001) and within each stratum (all p < 0.001). Switching to EZ/S provided significantly greater reductions in LDL-C versus statin doubling and significantly greater achievement of LDL-C targets versus statin doubling or switching to rosuvastatin.For similar LDL-C lowering simvastatin 40 mg is associated with greater increase in 25(OH)VitD compared to simvastatin/ezetimibe 10/10 mg. Whether this difference is relevant in terms of CVD risk reduction is unknown.Lipid-lowering therapy has been reported to reduce several oxidative stress (OS) markers in hypercholesterolemia. Since OS is frequently associated with renal dysfunction, we aimed to investigate the effect of hypolipidemic drugs on oxidative stress and plasma taurine (Tau), a sulfur amino acid with a marked antioxidant effect, in chronic kidney disease (CKD). We enrolled 30 CKD randomized to receive three different hypolipidemic regimens for 12 months: simvastatin alone (40 mg/day) or ezetimibe/simvastatin combined therapy (10/20 or 10/40 mg/day). Low molecular weight (LMW) thiols including homocysteine, cysteine, cysteinylglycine, glutathione, and glutamylcysteine in their reduced and total form and oxidative stress indices as malondialdehyde (MDA) and allantoin/uric acid (All/UA) ratio were also evaluated. Tau concentration significantly increased throughout the therapy. The rise of taurine was more striking for the group with the concomitant administration of ezetimibe/simvastatin 10/40 mg/day (+31.6% after 1 year of therapy). A significant decrease of both MDA and All/UA ratio was observed during therapy for all patients (-19% for both MDA and All/UA ratio) with a more pronounced effect in patients treated with ezetimibe/simvastatin 10/40 mg/day (-26% for MDA and -28% for All/UA ratio). Besides, an increase of thiols reduced forms was found (+20.7% of LMW thiols redox status) with a greater effect in subjects treated with ezetimibe/simvastatin 10/40 mg/day (+24.7%). Moreover, we demonstrated that oxidative stress improvement during therapy was correlated with increased taurine levels. We hypothesize that taurine may be responsible for the oxidative stress improvement observed during lipid-lowering treatment through the reduction of superoxide anion production at the respiratory chain activity level.More intensive therapy was required for >80% of subjects to achieve LDL-C <100 mg/dL and non-HDL-C <130 mg/dL and for the majority of subjects to achieve lower levels of LDL-C <70 mg/dL, non-HDL-C <100 mg/dL, and/or Apo B <90 mg/dL. The effect of ezetimibe on cardiovascular risk reduction has yet to be established. (Clintrials.gov no: NCT00409773).Metabolic syndrome (MetS) is a clustering of atherosclerotic coronary heart disease risk factors. This post-hoc analysis compared the effects of switching to ezetimibe/simvastatin 10/20 mg or rosuvastatin 10 mg in a cohort of 618 high-risk hypercholesterolaemic patients with (n=368) and without (n=217) MetS who had previously been on statin monotherapy. Patients were randomised 1:1 to double-blind ezetimibe/simvastatin 10/20 mg or rosuvastatin 10 mg for 6 weeks. Least squares mean percent change from baseline and 95% confidence intervals in lipid efficacy parameters were calculated for the population and within subgroups. Treatment with ezetimibe/simvastatin was significantly more effective than rosuvastatin at lowering low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, total cholesterol, non- high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B (all p<0.001). No significant differences in treatment effects were seen between the presence and absence of MetS. In this post-hoc analysis of high-risk hypercholesterolaemic patients the lipid-reducing effects of ezetimibe/simvastatin or rosuvastatin were not altered significantly by the presence of MetS.Morning administration of ezetimibe/simvastatin 10 mg/20 mg is noninferior to evening administration with respect to LDL-C-lowering ability.The present multicenter, 6-week, randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, clinical trial evaluated the safety and efficacy of ezetimibe (10 mg) added to stable rosuvastatin therapy versus up-titration of rosuvastatin from 5 to 10 mg or from 10 to 20 mg. The study population included 440 subjects at moderately high/high risk of coronary heart disease with low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels higher than the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III recommendations (<100 mg/dl for moderately high/high-risk subjects without atherosclerotic vascular disease or <70 mg/dl for high-risk subjects with atherosclerotic vascular disease). Pooled data demonstrated that ezetimibe added to stable rosuvastatin 5 mg or 10 mg reduced LDL cholesterol by 21%. In contrast, doubling rosuvastatin to 10 mg or 20 mg reduced LDL cholesterol by 5.7% (between-group difference of 15.2%, p <0.001). Individually, ezetimibe plus rosuvastatin 5 mg reduced LDL cholesterol more than did rosuvastatin 10 mg (12.3% difference, p <0.001), and ezetimibe plus rosuvastatin 10 mg reduced LDL cholesterol more than did rosuvastatin 20 mg (17.5% difference, p <0.001). Compared to rosuvastatin up-titration, ezetimibe add-on achieved significantly greater attainment of LDL cholesterol levels of <70 or <100 mg/dl (59.4% vs 30.9%, p <0.001), and <70 mg/dl in all subjects (43.8% vs 17.5%, p <0.001); produced significantly greater reductions in total cholesterol, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B (p <0.001); and resulted in similar effects on other lipid parameters. Adverse experiences were generally comparable among the groups. In conclusion, compared to up-titration doubling of the rosuvastatin dose, ezetimibe 10 mg added to stable rosuvastatin 5 mg or 10 mg produced greater improvements in many lipid parameters and achieved greater attainment of the National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III recommended LDL cholesterol targets in subjects with elevated LDL cholesterol and at moderately high/high coronary heart disease risk.The use of Apo B for monitoring the efficacy of lipid-altering therapy would likely lead to more stringent criteria for lipid lowering.These data suggest that among stable CAD patients treated with S20, (1) both E10/S20 and S80 were equally effective in further reducing LDL-C; (2) neither treatment had any further significant anti-inflammatory effects; and (3) E10/S20 was more effective than S80 in inhibiting platelet aggregation. Thus, despite similar lipid lowering and doses 4 less of simvastatin, E10/S20 induced a greater platelet inhibitory effect than S80.Registered at ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT00479713.Higher than 80% of coronary heart disease-related mortality occurs in patients 65 years of age. Guidelines recommend low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol targets for these at-risk patients; however, few clinical studies have evaluated lipid-lowering strategies specifically in older adults. This multicenter, 12-week, randomized, double-blind, parallel-group trial evaluated the efficacy and safety of the usual starting dose of ezetimibe/simvastatin (10/20 mg) versus atorvastatin 10 or 20 mg and the next higher dose of ezetimibe/simvastatin (10/40 mg) versus atorvastatin 40 mg in 1,289 hypercholesterolemic patients 65 years of age with or without cardiovascular disease. Patients randomized to ezetimibe/simvastatin had greater percent decreases in LDL cholesterol (-54.2% for 10/20 mg vs -39.5% and -46.6% for atorvastatin 10 and 20 mg, respectively; -59.1% for 10/40 mg vs -50.8% for atorvastatin 40 mg; p <0.001 for all comparisons) and the number attaining LDL cholesterol <70 mg/dl (51.3% for 10/20 mg, 68.2% for 10/40 mg) and <100 mg/dl (83.6% for 10/20 mg; 90.3% for 10/40 mg) was significantly larger compared to those receiving atorvastatin for all prespecified dose comparisons (p <0.05 to <0.001). A significantly larger percentage of high-risk patients achieved LDL cholesterol <70 mg/dl on ezetimibe/simvastatin 10/20 mg (54.3%) versus atorvastatin 10 mg (10.9%, p <0.001) or 20 mg (28.9%, p <0.001) and ezetimibe/simvastatin 10/40 mg (69.2%) versus atorvastatin 40 mg (38.2%, p <0.001), and a significantly larger percentage of intermediate-risk patients achieved LDL cholesterol <100 mg/dl on ezetimibe/simvastatin 10/20 mg (82.1%) versus atorvastatin 10 mg (59.3%, p <0.05). Improvements in non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, total cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, and lipoprotein ratios were significantly greater with ezetimibe/simvastatin than atorvastatin for all comparisons (p <0.01 to <0.001). High-density lipoprotein cholesterol and triglyceride results were variable. All treatments were generally well tolerated. In conclusion, ezetimibe/simvastatin provided significantly greater improvements in key lipid parameters and higher attainment of LDL cholesterol targets than atorvastatin, with comparable tolerability.Colesevelam is an option for managing the lipid profile and normalizing glucose levels in patients with hypercholesterolemia and prediabetes. Further study is warranted to determine whether colesevelam slows or prevents progression of prediabetes to type 2 diabetes.Switching to EZE/SIMVA 10/20 mg versus ROSUVA 10 mg provided superior lipid reductions in patients with/without T2DM.Rosuvastatin 10 mg was more effective than atorvastatin 10 mg in achieving NCEP ATP III LDL-C goals in patients with nondiabetic metabolic syndrome, especially in those with lower NCEP ATP III target level goals.Treatment responses in type 2 diabetic patients were related to baseline factors, although treatment effects (ezetimibe/simvastatin being more effective than atorvastatin) remained consistent. The presence of predictive factors should be considered in planning lipid-altering therapy.These results showed that both the combined ezetimibe/simvastatin treatment and the simvastatin monotherapy proved to be effective and safe in patients with NAFLD and in cases of high cardiovascular risk.Patients with the metabolic syndrome are at an increased risk of cardiovascular disease and might require intensive lipid therapy. Many patients remain at the starting dose of lipid therapy and might not be titrated up to a higher dose. The present double-blind, randomized, 6-week study assessed the lipid-lowering efficacy of ezetimibe/simvastatin 10/20 mg versus atorvastatin 10 or 20 mg, and ezetimibe/simvastatin 10/40 mg versus atorvastatin 40 mg in 1,128 patients with hypercholesterolemia and the metabolic syndrome. The primary end point was the percentage of change from baseline in low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol. Additional end points included changes in other lipids, lipoprotein ratios, high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, and attainment of prespecified lipid levels. Significantly greater improvements in the levels of LDL cholesterol, non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, and lipid/lipoprotein ratios resulted with ezetimibe/simvastatin compared with atorvastatin at all specified dose comparisons (p <0.001). The attainment of prespecified LDL cholesterol and non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels was also significantly greater with ezetimibe/simvastatin than with atorvastatin at all dose comparisons (p <0.05). High-density lipoprotein cholesterol increases were significantly greater with ezetimibe/simvastatin 10/20 mg than with atorvastatin 10 mg (p <0.05) and ezetimibe/simvastatin 10/40 mg than with atorvastatin 40 mg (p <0.01). The changes in triglycerides, very low-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein were similar for both treatments. The incidence of liver, muscle, and gastrointestinal-, hepatitis- and allergic reaction/rash-related adverse events were low and generally similar to those in previous studies of ezetimibe/simvastatin and/or atorvastatin. In conclusion, ezetimibe/simvastatin was more likely to result in lipid treatment end points than atorvastatin and was generally well tolerated at the doses compared in our patients.Ezetimibe/simvastatin reduced the cholesterol content of most lipoprotein subclasses from baseline with generally similar efficacy in patients with low and high TGs. Despite the different mechanism of action of ezetimibe, the response to ezetimibe/simvastatin and atorvastatin treatment related to these lipoprotein subclasses was generally consistent with the overall effects of these therapies on the major lipid/lipoprotein classes. The clinical significance of these results awaits further study.This study evaluates changes in cholesterol balance in hypercholesterolemic subjects following treatment with an inhibitor of cholesterol absorption or cholesterol synthesis or coadministration of both agents. This was a randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled, four-period crossover study to evaluate the effects of coadministering 10 mg ezetimibe with 20 mg simvastatin (ezetimibe/simvastatin) on cholesterol absorption and synthesis relative to either drug alone or placebo in 41 subjects. Each treatment period lasted 7 weeks. Ezetimibe and ezetimibe/simvastatin decreased fractional cholesterol absorption by 65% and 59%, respectively (P < 0.001 for both relative to placebo). Simvastatin did not significantly affect cholesterol absorption. Ezetimibe and ezetimibe/simvastatin increased fecal sterol excretion (corrected for dietary cholesterol), which also represents net steady state cholesterol synthesis, by 109% and 79%, respectively (P < 0.001). Ezetimibe, simvastatin, and ezetimibe/simvastatin decreased plasma LDL-cholesterol by 20, 38, and 55%, respectively. The coadministered therapy was well tolerated. The decreases in net cholesterol synthesis and increased fecal sterol excretion yielded nearly additive reductions in LDL-cholesterol for the coadministration of ezetimibe and simvastatin.EZE/SIMVA 10/20 mg produced greater improvements in LDL-C, total cholesterol, non-HDL-C and apoB with a similar safety profile as for ROSUVA 10 mg.The percentage of change from baseline in low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol after the addition of ezetimibe 10 mg to atorvastatin 40 mg was compared with uptitration to atorvastatin 80 mg. In this multicenter, double-blind, parallel-group study, adult hypercholesterolemic patients using atorvastatin 40 mg/day were randomly assigned to atorvastatin 40 mg plus ezetimibe 10 mg or uptitration to atorvastatin 80 mg. After 6 weeks of treatment, compared with atorvastatin 80 mg, atorvastatin 40 mg plus ezetimibe significantly reduced the primary end point of LDL cholesterol by -27% versus atorvastatin 80 mg by -11% (p <0.001), as well as significantly reduced non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, apolipoprotein B, total cholesterol, and triglycerides significantly more than atorvastatin 80 mg (all p <0.001). Percentages of change in high-sensitivity C-reactive protein, high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, and apolipoprotein A-I were similar between groups. Significantly more patients treated with atorvastatin 40 mg plus ezetimibe reached LDL cholesterol <70 mg/dl versus patients treated with atorvastatin 80 mg (74% vs 32%; p <0.001). Safety and tolerability profiles and incidence of liver and muscle adverse experiences were generally similar between groups. In conclusion, these results showed that adding ezetimibe to atorvastatin 40 mg was significantly more effective than uptitrating to atorvastatin 80 mg at lowering LDL cholesterol and other lipid parameters. Both treatments were generally well tolerated (clinical trial no. NCT00276484).The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of ezetimibe 10 mg added to atorvastatin 20 mg compared with doubling atorvastatin to 40 mg in patients with hypercholesterolemia at moderately high risk for coronary heart disease who did not reach low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol levels <100 mg/dl with atorvastatin 20 mg. In this 6-week, multicenter, double-blind, randomized, parallel-group study, 196 patients treated with atorvastatin 20 mg received atorvastatin 20 mg plus ezetimibe 10 mg or atorvastatin 40 mg for 6 weeks. Adding ezetimibe 10 mg to atorvastatin 20 mg produced significantly greater reductions in LDL cholesterol than increasing atorvastatin to 40 mg (-31% vs -11%, p <0.001). Significantly greater reductions were also seen in non-high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, total cholesterol, and apolipoprotein B (p <0.001). Significantly more patients reached LDL cholesterol levels <100 mg/dl with atorvastatin 20 mg plus ezetimibe compared with atorvastatin 40 mg (84% vs 49%, p <0.001). The 2 treatment groups had comparable results for high-density lipoprotein cholesterol, triglycerides, apolipoprotein A-I, and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein. The incidences of clinical and laboratory adverse experiences were generally similar between groups. In conclusion, the addition of ezetimibe 10 mg to atorvastatin 20 mg was generally well tolerated and resulted in significantly greater lipid-lowering efficacy compared with doubling atorvastatin to 40 mg in patients with hypercholesterolemia at moderately high risk for coronary heart disease.In patients with homozygous sitoserolemia, long-term treatment with ezetimibe 10 mg/day for 2 years was effective in reducing plasma plant sterol concentrations with an overall favourable safety and tolerability profile.Rosuvastatin 10 mg treatment is significantly more effective than atorvastatin 10 mg at achieving European LDL-C goals, at lowering LDL-C and TC. These results were obtained with a similar safety profile. From a cost-effectiveness perspective RSV 10 is the preferred therapeutic option in comparison with ATV 10. Uptitration of uncontrolled patients to RSV 20 mg and switch from ATV 10 to RSV 10 allowed significantly more patients to reach the LDL-C and TC target goal.Several randomized clinical trials have suggested that atorvastatin and pravastatin may differ in terms of their pleiotropic effects. To verify this, we compared the effects of both statins on glucose tolerance, adipokine concentrations and inflammatory markers. A total of 36 hypercholesterolaemic patients without known coronary heart disease (CHD) were enrolled in an open-label, randomized, crossover study. The patients received pravastatin or atorvastatin (10 mg/day) for 4 months and then switched to the other statin for an additional 4 months. At the end of both treatment periods, atorvastatin significantly reduced the concentration of serum lipids (total and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol and triglycerides) and inflammatory markers (high-sensitivity C-reactive protein and tumour necrosis factor-a) and increased serum adiponectin levels compared with pravastatin treatment. Although these effects would be expected to improve insulin sensitivity, atorvastatin did not affect glucose tolerance, which was assessed by fasting glucose and insulin concentrations, the homeostasis model assessment index and glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA(1c)) levels. Only obese patients showed increased HbA(1c) levels after atorvastatin treatment. Our results suggest that atorvastatin has both advantages and disadvantages compared with pravastatin treatment. Further studies are required to compare the relative clinical value of atorvastatin and pravastatin, especially in obese patients without CHD.This study was undertaken to investigate the effect of ezetimibe (10 mg/day) alone or in combination with atorvastatin (10 mg twice a week) on hypercholesterolemia in 56 high-risk patients intolerant to daily statin use. Ezetimibe monotherapy was well tolerated (2 withdrawals) and induced a mean reduction in low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol of 20% (p <0.05) at the third month. However, of the 54 patients still taking ezetimibe, only 5 (9%) were at their LDL cholesterol targets. Atorvastatin 10 mg twice a week was then added to ezetimibe and was well tolerated (3 withdrawals). This combination reduced LDL cholesterol (in a treatment-based analysis) by 37% compared with baseline (p <0.001), with 43 (84%) patients reaching their LDL cholesterol goals. When patients (n = 34, 25 men) with baseline serum creatinine values in the upper 2 tertiles were analyzed separately, there was a significant (p = 0.041) decrease in serum creatinine levels after 6 months of treatment. In conclusion, the combination of ezetimibe plus atorvastatin 10 mg twice a week might be a therapeutic option for high-risk patients intolerant to daily statin monotherapy.The aim of this multi-center, open-label, randomized, parallel-group trial was to compare the efficacy of rosuvastatin with that of simvastatin in achieving the 1998 European Atherosclerosis Society (EAS) lipid treatment goals. 504 patients (> or =18 years) with primary hypercholesterolemia and a 10-year cardiovascular (CV) risk >20% or history of coronary heart disease (CHD) or other established atherosclerotic disease were randomized in a 2:1 ratio to receive rosuvastatin 10 mg or simvastatin 20 mg once daily for 12 weeks. A significantly higher proportion of patients achieved 1998 EAS low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C) goal after 12 weeks of treatment with rosuvastatin 10 mg compared to simvastatin 20 mg (64 vs 51.5%, p < 0.01). Similarly, significantly more patients achieved the 1998 EAS total cholesterol (TC) goal and the 2003 EAS LDL-C and TC goals (p < 0.001) with rosuvastatin 10 mg compared with simvastatin 20 mg. The incidence of adverse events and the proportion of patients who discontinued study treatment were similar between treatment groups. In conclusion, in the DISCOVERY-Beta Study in patients with primary hypercholesterolemia greater proportion of patients in the rosuvastatin 10 mg group achieved the EAS LDL-C treatment goal compared with the simvastatin 20 mg group. Drug tolerability was similar across both treatment groups.E/S was more effective than ezetimibe and simvastatin monotherapy in reducing atherogenic lipoprotein subfractions in these patients with primary hypercholesterolemia.Patients with elevated low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesteral levels are at high risk of cardiovascular events but are often undertreated and fail to achieve lipid goals. This open-label, noncomparative, multicenter study assessed efficacy and safety of rosuvastatin 40 mg for < or =96 weeks in 1,380 patients with severe hypercholesterolemia, including heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia. Patients > or =18 years old with fasting LDL cholesterol > or =190 and < or =260 mg/dl and triglycerides <400 mg/dl entered a 6-week dietary lead-in, before receiving rosuvastatin 40 mg for 48 weeks. An optional additional 48-week treatment period followed. The initial period had 2 primary end points: percentage of patients achieving National Cholesterol Education Program (NCEP) Adult Treatment Panel (ATP) III LDL cholesterol goals at 12 weeks, and long-term safety, assessed during 48 weeks by incidence and severity of adverse events (AEs) and abnormal laboratory values. Safety was the primary end point in the extension period. At 12 weeks, 83% of patients achieved NCEP ATP III LDL cholesterol goals, which were maintained during 48 and 96 weeks (81% and 84%, respectively). At 48 weeks, rosuvastatin 40 mg reduced LDL cholesterol from baseline by 52% and increased high-density lipoprotein (HDL) cholesterol by 11% (both p <0.0001). At 96 weeks, LDL cholesterol was reduced by 54% and HDL cholesterol increased by 13%. Rosuvastatin 40 mg was well tolerated during 96 weeks. The overall pattern and incidence of AEs and abnormal laboratory values were consistent with the published safety profile of rosuvastatin and higher doses of other statins. In conclusion, long-term treatment with rosuvastatin 40 mg is safe and effective in patients with severe hypercholesterolemia.",
 "The aim of present study was to compare the efficacy and safety of fixed combination of brimonidine and timolol with individual components used as monotherapy in patients of primary open angle glaucoma. Patients were randomly assigned to receive brimonidine or timolol or brimonidine-timolol fixed combination, with 30 patients in each group. The mean reduction in intraocular pressure in brimonidine, timolol, and brimonidine-timolol group were 4.29  1.97 mm Hg, 4.34  1.21 mm Hg, and 5.54  1.87 mm Hg respectively at 2 weeks and 4.86  1.16 mm Hg, 5.42  1.50 mm Hg, and 7.36  2.58 mm Hg respectively at 6 weeks. When values of mean reduction in intraocular pressure were compared between brimonidine-timolol fixed combination with brimonidine and timolol, it was found to be statistically significant ( P < 0.05) at 2 weeks and highly significant (0.001) at 6 weeks. The overall frequency of adverse effects was similar in all three groups.In the present study, a 6-week treatment with LT or BT was equally effective in reducing IOP. In addition, none of the administered drugs induced a significant effect on ocular blood flow parameters.In this cohort of patients with OAG, short-term treatment with brimonidine/timolol and dorzolamide/timolol results in similar effects on OPP and retrobulbar blood flow velocities.To compare the short-term effectiveness and ocular side-effects of fixed combinations of dorzolamide/timolol (DTFC) and brimonidine/timolol (BTFC) in patients with primary open-angle glaucoma (POAG). Forty-two eyes of 42 patients newly diagnosed with primary open-angle glaucoma were assessed prospectively. One of the two eyes was chosen randomly and treated with DTFC (21) for 4weeks. The treatment was then stopped to allow a 4-week wash-out period. Following the wash-out period, the same eye was treated with BTFC (21) for 4weeks. Intraocular pressure (IOP) values were measured before and after each treatment at 0800, 1,200 and 1,600h. Tear function test results and ocular side-effects were also recorded. The mean baseline IOP values for DTFC and BTFC were 24.11.8 and 24.62.4mmHg, respectively. The mean IOP values after 4weeks of treatment with DTFC or BTFC were 17.12.9 and 16.92.5mmHg, respectively. Both medications reduced IOP values significantly (P=0.0000). The effectiveness of both medications was similar (P=0.7363). Both combinations significantly reduced the amount of tear secretion and tear break-up time (P=0.0000). Eye burning was more common with DTFC than with BTFC (P=0.0182). Other adverse effects were observed at similar rates for both combinations. This study demonstrated that the IOP-reducing effects of DTFC and BTFC in patients with POAG are similar. The side-effect profile of BTFC is similar to that of DTFC. Lower occurrence of a burning sensation may improve patient compliance in the BTFC group.Patients originally on timolol monotherapy have a lower cost of care over 5 years than those started on a PTG. However, timolol patients during follow-up may demonstrate a higher intraocular pressure, more progression, more medication changes, and lower persistency of the original monotherapy.MK-0507A has a significantly superior IOP-lowering effect relative to timolol. MK-0507A also showed a non-inferior IOP-lowering effect relative to the concomitant therapy. MK-0507A was safe compared to both timolol and concomitant therapy.Reductions from baseline in mean diurnal IOP and morning IOP were greater with BrTFC than with DTFC.Compared with timolol maleate in Gelrite, latanoprost appears to significantly improve, or at least maintain, central visual function, as measured by CS, at different spatial frequencies in patients with POAG.Over 5 years, in the UK timolol is the cost-effective option, whereas in Scandinavia latanoprost may be the cost-effective alternative to timolol.This study suggests that both BTFC and the unfixed components of brimonidine and timolol provide a significant 24-h IOP reduction from untreated baseline, and statistically equal control when compared directly, at each time point and for the 24-h pressure curve.This study showed that brinzolamide provides similar safety and efficacy compared to timolol maleate when added to travoprost.Fixed brimonidine-timolol is an effective and convenient IOP-lowering therapy.A fixed combination of travoprost 0.004% and timolol 0.5% produced clinically relevant IOP reductions in patients with open angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension that were comparable to concomitant therapy with its components. Safety and tolerability of the fixed combination were also equivalent to concomitant therapy. Travoprost 0.004%/timolol 0.5% fixed combination offers IOP reduction equivalent to concomitant therapy, with potential benefits that include convenience (fewer bottles and drops per day), improved compliance, cost savings (based on fewer co-payments), and elimination of potential washout effects.The addition of dorzolamide to brimonidine or timolol has significant IOP-lowering efficacy during 1 year in patients with POAG whose IOPs were inadequately controlled with brimonidine or timolol alone. The IOP-lowering effect of the timolol-dorzolamide combination at 1 year was more pronounced than brimonidine-dorzolamide. Both combinations were well-tolerated by the patients.Patients with primary open-angle glaucoma (POAG) were dosed twice-daily with 0.5% timolol maleate for 2 years, followed by 2 years of twice-daily dosing with 0.5% betaxolol hydrochloride. The changes in intraocular pressure (IOP) and effects on visual field by each treatment were monitored over this 4-year period. Both the timolol and betaxolol treatments controlled IOP. The mean MD (mean deviation in visual field) values at 24 months of the timolol treatment were -6.18 dB (decibels) and -5.32 dB. Mean MD baseline values following 24 months of the timolol treatment produced 2.31 dB and 0.95 dB reductions in sensitivity in the right and left eyes, and the reduction in the right eye was statistically significant (p < 0.01). The mean MD values after 24 months of the betaxolol treatment were -3.82 dB in the right eyes, an increase of 2.36 dB, and -4.05 dB in the left eyes, up by 1.28 dB. The results from this clinical trial demonstrated that betaxolol was superior over timolol in improving mean retinal sensitivity.The purpose of this study was to assess the efficacy of latanoprost 0.005% and timolol maleate 0.5% in black and white patients with elevated intraocular pressure (IOP). This double-masked, randomized, 2-period crossover study included 39 eyes in 22 patients with primary open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension. After a 2- to 4-week washout period, patients were randomly assigned to receive either vehicle placebo in the morning and latanoprost in the evening or timolol maleate twice daily for 6 weeks. Then, after a 4-week washout period, patients received the opposing treatment for 6 weeks. Both latanoprost and timolol maleate significantly lowered IOP from baseline in both black and white patients. Latanoprost treatment was associated with lower mean IOP compared with timolol treatment in black patients (P = .013 at 8 AM, P = .19 at 10 AM). At 10 AM at the end of the treatment period, the mean +/- SD change from baseline IOP in black patients receiving latanoprost was significantly greater than that of white patients (-10.2 +/- 7.0 and -5.9 +/- 2.5 mm Hg, respectively; P = .042). The mean +/- SD change from baseline IOPs in black patients was not significantly different from that in white patients at 8 AM at the end of the treatment period for the latanoprost group and at 8 AM and 10 AM at the end of the treatment period for the timolol maleate group. In white patients, the change from baseline IOP in light (grade 1) irises was not significantly different from dark (grade 5) irises after treatment with either latanoprost or timolol maleate. In summary, intraocular pressure after treatment with latanoprost was lower than that after timolol treatment in black patients with primary open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension, and at 1 of 2 timepoints, latanoprost caused a significantly greater reduction of IOP in black patients than in white patients.TLA solution, a nonselective beta-adrenoceptor antagonist, given once daily in the morning, was found to be statistically equivalent in ocular hypotensive efficacy (as defined a priori) compared with TIM, given twice daily, and with an acceptable safety profile in this study population of adult patients.The results of this study suggest that the more convenient 0.5% timolol in gel forming solution can be offered as an equally efficacious and well-tolerated alternative to twice daily 0.5% timolol solution in open angle glaucoma.",
 "The results indicate that RMP concentrations are below the reference range in most patients, while PZA is within the target range of the standard doses.The use of rifapentine plus isoniazid for 3 months was as effective as 9 months of isoniazid alone in preventing tuberculosis and had a higher treatment-completion rate. Long-term safety monitoring will be important. (Funded by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; PREVENT TB ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00023452.).Substitution of moxifloxacin for isoniazid resulted in a small but statistically nonsignificant increase in Week-8 culture negativity.Treatment of latent tuberculosis with 4 months of rifampin leads to fewer serious adverse events and better adherence than 9 months of isoniazid. These findings justify a large-scale trial to compare the efficacy of rifampin with that of isoniazid."]